8808605	somatic-cel	select	is	a	major	determin	of	the	blood-cel	phenotyp	in	heterozygot	for	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	mutat	caus	sever	enzym	deficiency.	x-chromosom	inactiv	in	mammal	is	regard	as	an	essenti	random	process,	but	the	result	somatic-cel	mosaic	creat	the	opportun	for	cell	selection.	In	most	peopl	with	red-blood-cel	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	deficiency,	the	enzyme-defici	phenotyp	is	onli	moder	express	in	nucleat	cells.	however,	in	a	small	subset	of	hemizyg	male	who	suffer	from	chronic	nonspherocyt	hemolyt	anemia,	the	underli	mutat	(design	class	I)	caus	more-sever	g6pd	deficiency,	and	thi	might	provid	an	opportun	for	select	in	heterozyg	femal	dure	development.	In	order	to	test	thi	possibl	we	have	analyz	four	heterozygot	for	class	I	g6pd	mutat	two	with	g6pd	portici	(1178g--	>	A)	and	two	with	g6pd	bari	(1187c--	>	t).	We	found	that	in	fraction	blood	cell	type	(includ	erythroid,	myeloid,	and	lymphoid	cell	lineages)	there	wa	a	signific	excess	of	g6pd-normal	cells.	the	signific	concord	that	we	have	observ	in	the	degre	of	imbal	in	the	differ	blood-cel	lineag	indic	that	a	select	mechan	is	like	to	oper	at	the	level	of	pluripot	blood	stem	cells.	thus,	it	appear	that	sever	g6pd	defici	affect	advers	the	prolifer	or	the	surviv	of	nucleat	blood	cell	and	that	thi	phenotyp	characterist	is	critic	dure	hematopoiesis.
9050866	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	gene	product,	a	constitut	express	nuclear	protein	that	is	not	up-regul	follow	genom	damage.	the	product	of	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	gene	(atm)	wa	identifi	by	use	an	antiserum	develop	to	a	peptid	correspond	to	the	deduc	amino	acid	sequence.	the	atm	protein	is	a	single,	high-molecular	weight	protein	predominantli	confin	to	the	nucleu	of	human	fibroblasts,	but	is	present	in	both	nuclear	and	microsom	fraction	from	human	lymphoblast	cell	and	peripher	blood	lymphocytes.	atm	protein	level	and	local	remain	constant	throughout	all	stage	of	the	cell	cycle.	truncat	atm	protein	wa	not	detect	in	lymphoblast	from	ataxia-telangiectasia	patient	homozyg	for	mutat	lead	to	prematur	protein	termination.	exposur	of	normal	human	cell	to	gamma-irradi	and	the	radiomimet	drug	neocarzinostatin	had	no	effect	on	atm	protein	levels,	in	contrast	to	a	note	rise	in	p53	level	over	the	same	time	interval.	these	find	are	consist	with	a	role	for	the	atm	protein	in	ensur	the	fidel	of	dna	repair	and	cell	cycl	regul	follow	genom	damage.
9012409	molecular	basi	for	duart	and	lo	angel	variant	galactosemia.	human	orythrocyt	that	are	homozyg	for	the	duart	enzym	variant	of	galactosemia	(d/d)	have	a	characterist	isoform	on	isoelectr	focus	and	50%	reduct	in	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferas	(galt)	enzym	activity.	the	duart	biochem	phenotyp	ha	a	molecular	genotyp	of	n314d/n314d.	the	characterist	duart	isoform	is	also	associ	with	a	variant	call	the	"	lo	angel	(la)	phenotype,	"	which	ha	increas	galt	enzym	activity.	We	evalu	galt	enzym	activ	and	screen	the	galt	gene	of	145	patient	with	one	or	more	n314d-contain	alleles.	We	found	seven	with	the	LA	biochem	phenotype,	and	all	had	a	1721c--	>	T	transit	in	exon	7	in	ci	with	the	n314d	missens	mutation.	the	1721c--	>	T	transit	is	a	neutral	polymorph	for	leucin	at	amino	acid	218	(l218l).	In	pedigre	analyses,	thi	1721c--	>	T	transit	segreg	with	the	LA	phenotyp	of	increas	galt	activ	in	three	differ	biochem	phenotyp	(la/n,	la/g,	and	la/d).	To	determin	the	mechan	for	increas	activ	of	the	LA	variant,	we	compar	galt	mrna,	protein	abundance,	and	enzym	thermal	stabil	in	lymphoblast	cell	line	of	D	and	LA	phenotyp	with	compar	genotypes.	galt	protein	abund	wa	increas	in	LA	compar	to	D	alleles,	but	mrna	wa	similar	among	all	genotypes.	when	la/d	and	d/d	galt	biochem	phenotyp	were	compar	to	n/n	galt	phenotypes,	both	had	50%,	as	compar	to	21%,	reduct	in	galt	activ	in	the	wild	type	(n/n)	after	exposur	at	ident	initi	enzym	activ	to	50	degre	C	for	15	min.	We	conclud	that	the	codon	chang	n314d	in	ci	with	the	base-pair	transit	1721c--	>	T	produc	the	LA	variant	of	galactosemia	and	that	thi	nucleotid	chang	increas	galt	activ	by	increas	galt	protein	abund	without	increas	transcript	or	decreas	thermal	lability.	A	favor	codon	bia	for	the	mutat	codon	with	consequ	increas	translat	rate	is	postul	as	the	mechanism.
8755645	An	intron	mutat	in	a	lariat	branchpoint	sequenc	is	a	direct	caus	of	an	inherit	human	disord	(fish-ey	disease).	the	first	step	in	the	splice	of	an	intron	from	nuclear	precursor	of	mrna	result	in	the	format	of	a	lariat	structure.	A	distinct	intron	nucleotid	sequence,	known	as	the	branchpoint	region,	play	a	central	role	in	thi	process.	We	here	describ	a	point	mutat	in	such	a	sequence.	three	sister	were	shown	to	suffer	from	fish-ey	diseas	(fed),	a	disord	which	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	gene	code	for	lecithin	cholesterol	acyltransferas	(lcat).	sequenc	of	the	lcat	gene	of	all	three	proband	reveal	compound	heterozygos	for	a	missens	mutat	in	exon	4	which	is	report	to	underli	the	fed	phenotype,	and	a	point	mutat	locat	in	intron	4	(ivs4	t-22c).	By	perform	in	vitro	express	of	lcat	minigen	and	revers	transcriptas	pcr	on	mrna	isol	from	leukocyt	of	the	patient,	thi	gene	defect	wa	shown	to	caus	a	null	allel	as	the	result	of	complet	intron	retention.	In	conclusion,	we	demonstr	that	a	point	mutat	in	a	lariat	branchpoint	consensu	sequenc	caus	a	null	allel	in	a	patient	with	fed.	In	addition,	our	find	illustr	the	import	of	thi	sequenc	for	normal	human	mrna	processing.	finally,	thi	report	provid	a	wide	applic	strategi	which	ensur	fast	and	effect	screen	for	intron	defect	that	underli	differenti	gene	expression.
8751855	genet	heterogen	in	hereditari	breast	cancer:	role	of	brca1	and	brca2.	the	common	hereditari	form	of	breast	cancer	have	been	larg	attribut	to	the	inherit	of	mutat	in	the	brca1	or	brca2	genes.	however,	it	is	not	yet	clear	what	proport	of	hereditari	breast	cancer	is	explain	by	brca1	and	brca2	or	by	some	other	unidentifi	suscept	gene	(s).	We	describ	the	proport	of	hereditari	breast	cancer	explain	by	brca1	or	brca2	in	a	sampl	of	north	american	hereditari	breast	cancer	and	assess	the	evid	for	addit	suscept	gene	that	may	confer	hereditari	breast	or	ovarian	cancer	risk.	twenty-thre	famili	were	identifi	through	two	high-risk	breast	cancer	research	programs.	genet	analysi	wa	undertaken	to	establish	linkag	between	the	breast	or	ovarian	cancer	case	and	marker	on	chromosom	17q	(brca1)	and	13q	(brca2).	mutat	analysi	in	the	brca1	and	brca2	gene	wa	also	undertaken	in	all	families.	the	pattern	of	hereditari	cancer	in	14	(61%)	of	the	23	famili	studi	wa	attribut	to	brca1	by	a	combin	of	linkag	and	mutat	analyses.	No	famili	were	attribut	to	brca2.	five	famili	(22%)	provid	evid	against	linkag	to	both	brca1	and	brca2.	No	brca1	or	brca2	mutat	were	detect	in	these	five	families.	the	brca1	or	brca2	statu	of	four	famili	(17%)	could	not	be	determined.	brca1	and	brca2	probabl	explain	the	major	of	hereditari	breast	cancer	that	exist	in	the	north	american	population.	however,	one	or	more	addit	gene	may	yet	be	found	that	explain	some	proport	of	hereditari	breast	cancer.
8674108	the	tumor	suppressor	gene	brca1	is	requir	for	embryon	cellular	prolifer	in	the	mouse.	mutat	of	the	brca1	gone	in	human	are	associ	with	predisposit	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancers.	We	show	here	that	brca1	+/-	mice	are	normal	and	fertil	and	lack	tumor	by	age	eleven	months.	homozyg	brca1	(5-6)	mutant	mice	die	befor	day	7.	5	of	embryogenesis.	mutant	embryo	are	poorli	developed,	with	no	evid	of	mesoderm	formation.	the	extraembryon	region	is	abnormal,	but	aggreg	with	wild-typ	tetraploid	embryo	doe	not	rescu	the	lethality.	In	vivo,	mutant	embryo	do	not	exhibit	increas	apoptosi	but	show	reduc	cell	prolifer	accompani	by	decreas	express	of	cyclin	E	and	mdm-2,	a	regul	of	p53	activity.	the	express	of	cyclin-depend	kinas	inhibitor	p21	is	dramat	increas	in	the	mutant	embryos.	buttress	these	in	vivo	observ	is	the	fact	that	mutant	blastocyst	growth	is	grossli	impair	in	vitro.	thus,	the	death	of	brca1	(5-6)	mutant	embryo	prior	to	gastrul	may	be	due	to	a	failur	of	the	prolif	burst	requir	for	the	develop	of	the	differ	germ	layer
9223312	fusion	gene	result	from	altern	chromosom	transloc	are	overexpress	by	gene-specif	mechan	in	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma.	chromosom	transloc	identifi	in	hematopoiet	and	solid	tumor	result	in	deregul	express	of	protooncogen	or	creation	of	chimer	protein	with	tumorigen	potential.	In	the	pediatr	solid	tumor	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma,	a	consist	t	(2;	13)	(q35;	q14)	or	variant	t	(1;	13)	(p36;	q14)	transloc	gener	pax3-fkhr	or	pax7-fkhr	fusion	proteins,	respectively.	In	thi	report,	we	demonstr	that	in	addit	to	function	alter	these	transloc	are	associ	with	fusion	product	overexpression.	furthermore,	pax3-fkhr	and	pax7-fkhr	overexpress	occur	by	distinct	mechanisms.	transcript	of	pax3-fkhr	is	increas	rel	to	wild-typ	pax3	by	a	copi	number-independ	process.	In	contrast,	pax7-fkhr	overexpress	result	from	fusion	gene	amplification.	thus,	gene-specif	mechan	were	select	to	overexpress	pax3-fkhr	and	pax7-fkhr	in	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma,	presum	due	to	differ	in	regul	between	the	wild-typ	loci.	We	postul	that	these	overexpress	mechan	ensur	a	critic	level	of	gene	product	for	the	oncogen	effect	of	these	fusions.
8917548	pleiotrop	defect	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	protein-defici	mice.	We	have	gener	a	mous	model	for	ataxia-telangiectasia	by	use	gene	target	to	gener	mice	that	do	not	express	the	atm	protein.	atm-defici	mice	are	retard	in	growth,	do	not	produc	matur	sperm,	and	exhibit	sever	defect	in	T	cell	matur	while	go	on	to	develop	thymomas.	atm-defici	fibroblast	grow	poorli	in	cultur	and	display	a	high	level	of	double-strand	chromosom	breaks.	atm-defici	thymocyt	undergo	spontan	apoptosi	in	vitro	significantli	more	than	controls.	atm-defici	mice	then	exhibit	mani	of	the	same	symptom	found	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	patient	and	in	cell	deriv	from	them.	furthermore,	we	demonstr	that	the	atm	protein	exist	as	two	discret	molecular	species,	and	that	loss	of	one	or	of	both	of	these	can	lead	to	the	develop	of	the	disease.
8825599	muscl	express	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	defici	in	differ	variants.	muscl	express	of	g6pd	defici	ha	been	investig	in	mediterranean,	seattle-lik	and	a-variants.	g6pd	activ	wa	detect	in	sampl	obtain	from	biopsi	on	the	quadricep	muscl	of	seven	male	and	one	female.	the	type	of	genet	variant	wa	determin	by	molecular	analysi	of	dna,	extract	from	blood	samples.	all	variant	show	the	enzym	defect	in	muscle.	A	statist	signific	relationship	wa	found	in	the	activ	of	g6pd	between	erythrocyt	and	muscl	of	the	male	subject	(r	=	0.	968;	p	=	0.	00008).	the	equat	for	the	best	fit	line	wa	Y	=	0.	390x	+	0.	198	198.	the	result	suggest	that,	for	a	given	variant,	the	extent	of	the	enzym	defect	in	muscl	may	be	determined,	use	thi	equation,	from	the	g6pd	activ	of	erythrocyt
9072974	pten,	a	put	protein	tyrosin	phosphatas	gene	mutat	in	human	brain,	breast,	and	prostat	cancer.	map	of	homozyg	delet	on	human	chromosom	10q23	ha	led	to	the	isol	of	a	candid	tumor	suppressor	gene,	pten,	that	appear	to	be	mutat	at	consider	frequenc	in	human	cancers.	In	preliminari	screens,	mutat	of	pten	were	detect	in	31%	(13/42)	of	glioblastoma	cell	line	and	xenografts,	100%	(4/4)	of	prostat	cancer	cell	lines,	6%	(4/65)	of	breast	cancer	cell	line	and	xenografts,	and	17%	(3/18)	of	primari	glioblastomas.	the	predict	pten	product	ha	a	protein	tyrosin	phosphatas	domain	and	extens	homolog	to	tensin,	a	protein	that	interact	with	actin	filament	at	focal	adhesions.	these	homolog	suggest	that	pten	may	suppress	tumor	cell	growth	by	antagon	protein	tyrosin	kinas	and	may	regul	tumor	cell	invas	and	metastasi	through	interact	at	focal	adhesions.
8898652	somat	alter	of	the	dpc4	gene	in	human	colorect	cancer	in	vivo.	background	&	aim	the	chromosom	region	18q21	ha	been	shown	to	be	frequent	delet	in	colorect	cancers,	and	such	frequent	allel	loss	is	a	hallmark	of	the	presenc	of	a	tumor-suppressor	gene.	the	dpc4	gene,	which	is	locat	at	18q21,	ha	been	identifi	as	a	tumor-suppressor	gene	from	examin	of	pancreat	cancers.	the	aim	of	the	present	studi	wa	to	determin	if	it	might	also	be	alter	in	colorect	cancers.	method	mutat	analys	of	the	dpc4	gene	were	perform	on	complementari	dna	sampl	from	31	primari	colorect	cancer	specimen	use	a	combin	of	polymeras	chain	reaction,	single-strand	conform	polymorphism,	and	dna	sequencing.	result	four	missens	mutat	produc	amino	acid	substitut	and	a	somat	12-base	pair	delet	in	the	code	region	of	the	dpc4	gene	were	detect	in	the	31	cancer	(16%;	5	of	31).	conclus	the	dpc4	gene	may	play	a	role	as	a	tumor-suppressor	gene	in	a	fraction	of	colorect	cancers;	however,	while	allel	loss	at	18q21	is	veri	often	seen	in	colorect	cancers,	onli	a	minor	show	dpc4	mutations,	suggest	that	there	might	be	anoth	tumor-suppressor	gene	in	thi	chromosom	region.
8938427	complet	genom	sequenc	and	analysi	of	117	kb	of	human	dna	contain	the	gene	brca1.	over	100	distinct	disease-associ	mutat	have	been	identifi	in	the	breast-ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene	brca1.	loss	of	the	wild-typ	allel	in	>	90%	of	tumor	from	patient	with	inherit	brca1	mutat	indic	tumor	suppress	function.	the	low	incid	of	somat	mutat	suggest	that	brca1	inactiv	in	sporad	tumor	occur	by	altern	mechanisms,	such	as	interstiti	chromosom	delet	or	reduc	transcription.	To	identifi	possibl	featur	of	the	brca1	genom	region	that	may	contribut	to	chromosom	instabl	as	well	as	potenti	transcript	regulatori	elements,	a	117,	143-bp	dna	sequenc	encompass	brca1	wa	obtain	by	random	sequenc	of	four	cosmid	identifi	from	a	human	chromosom	17	specif	library.	the	24	exon	of	brca1	span	an	81-kb	region	that	ha	an	unusu	high	densiti	of	alu	repetit	dna	(41.	5%),	but	rel	low	densiti	(4.	8%)	of	other	repetit	sequences.	brca1	intron	length	rang	in	size	from	403	bp	to	9.	2	kb	and	contain	the	intragen	microsatellit	marker	d17s1323,	d17s1322,	and	d17s855,	which	local	to	intron	12,	19,	and	20,	respectively.	In	addit	to	brca1,	the	contig	contain	two	complet	gene	rho7,	a	member	of	the	rho	famili	of	gtp	bind	proteins,	and	vat1,	an	abund	membran	protein	of	cholinerg	synapt	vesicles.	partial	sequenc	of	the	1a1-3b	b-box	protein	pseudogen	and	ifp	35,	an	interferon	induc	leucin	zipper	protein,	resid	within	the	contig.	An	l21	ribosom	protein	pseudogen	is	embed	in	brca1	intron	13.	the	order	of	gene	on	the	chromosom	is	centromere-1fp	35-vat1-rho7-brca1-1a1-3b-telom
8621452	type	II	human	complement	C2	deficiency.	allele-specif	amino	acid	substitut	(ser189	-->	phe;	gly444	-->	arg)	caus	impair	C2	secretion.	type	II	complement	protein	C2	defici	is	character	by	a	select	block	in	C2	secretion.	the	type	II	C2	null	allel	(c2q0)	is	link	to	two	major	histocompat	haplotyp	(mhc)	that	differ	from	the	mhc	of	the	more	common	type	I	C2	deficiency.	To	determin	the	molecular	basi	of	type	II	defici	the	two	type	II	c2q0	gene	were	isol	and	transfect	separ	into	l-cells.	subsequ	molecular	biology,	biosynthetic,	and	immunofluoresc	studi	demonstr	that	C2	secret	is	impair	in	type	II	C2	defici	becaus	of	differ	missens	mutat	at	highli	conserv	residu	in	each	of	the	c2q0	alleles.	one	is	in	exon	5	(nucleotid	c566	--	>	T;	ser189	--	>	phe)	of	the	c2q0	gene	link	to	the	mhc	haplotyp	a11,	b35,	drw1,	bfs,	c4a0b1.	the	other	is	in	exon	11	(g1930	--	>	A;	gly444	--	>	arg)	of	the	c2q0	gene	link	to	the	mhc	haplotyp	a2,	b5,	drw4,	bfs,	c4a3b1.	each	mutant	C2	gene	product	is	retain	earli	in	the	secretori	pathway.	these	mutant	provid	model	for	elucid	the	C2	secretori	pathway.
8843194	target	disrupt	of	atm	lead	to	growth	retardation,	chromosom	fragment	dure	meiosis,	immun	defects,	and	thymic	lymphoma.	atm,	the	gene	mutat	in	the	inherit	human	diseas	ataxia-telangiectasia,	is	a	member	of	a	famili	of	kinas	involv	in	dna	metabol	and	cell-cycl	checkpoint	control.	To	help	clarifi	the	physiolog	role	of	the	atm	protein,	we	disrupt	the	atm	gene	in	mice	through	homolog	recombination.	initi	evalu	of	the	atm	knockout	anim	indic	that	inactiv	of	the	mous	atm	gene	recreat	much	of	the	phenotyp	of	ataxia-telangiectasia.	the	homozyg	mutant	(atm-/-)	mice	are	viable,	growth-retarded,	and	infertile.	the	infertil	of	atm-/-	mice	result	from	meiotic	failure.	meiosi	is	arrest	at	the	zygotene/pachyten	stage	of	prophas	I	as	a	result	of	abnorm	chromosom	synapsi	and	subsequ	chromosom	fragmentation.	immun	defect	also	are	evid	in	atm-/-	mice,	includ	reduc	number	of	b220	+	cd43-	pre-b	cells,	thymocytes,	and	peripher	T	cells,	as	well	as	function	impair	of	t-cell-depend	immun	responses.	the	cerebella	of	atm-/-	mice	appear	normal	by	histolog	examin	at	3	to	4	month	and	the	mice	have	no	gross	behavior	abnormalities.	the	major	of	mutant	mice	rapidli	develop	thymic	lymphoma	and	die	befor	4	month	of	age.	these	find	indic	that	the	atm	gene	product	play	an	essenti	role	in	a	divers	group	of	cellular	processes,	includ	meiosis,	the	normal	growth	of	somat	tissues,	immun	development,	and	tumor	suppression.
8700509	the	5'	end	of	the	brca1	gene	lie	within	a	duplic	region	of	human	chromosom	17q21.	To	begin	to	address	the	hypothesi	that	abnorm	regul	of	the	breast/ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene	brca1	is	a	critic	step	in	sporad	breast/ovarian	tumorigenesis,	we	have	determin	the	detail	structur	of	the	brca1	genom	region.	We	show	that	thi	region	of	the	genom	contain	a	tandem	duplic	of	approxim	30	kilobases,	which	result	in	two	copi	of	brca1	exon	1	and	2,	of	exon	1	and	3	of	the	adjac	1a1-3b	gene	and	of	the	previous	report	295	base	pair	intergen	region.	sequenc	analysi	of	the	duplic	exon	of	brca1	and	1a1-3b	and	flank	genom	dna	reveal	mainten	of	the	intron-exon	structur	and	a	high	degre	of	nucleotid	sequenc	identity,	suggest	that	these	are	non-process	pseudogen	and	that	the	duplic	is	a	recent	event	in	evolutionari	terms.	We	also	show	that	a	process	pseudogen	of	the	acid	ribosom	phosphoprotein	P1	(arpp1)	is	insert	directli	upstream	of	pseudo-brca1	exon	1a.	We	believ	that	these	find	could	not	onli	confound	brca1	mutat	analysis,	but	could	have	implic	for	the	normal	and	abnorm	regul	of	brca1	transcription,	translat	and	function.
9241281	atm	and	p53	cooper	in	apoptosi	and	suppress	of	tumorigenesis,	but	not	in	resist	to	acut	radiat	toxicity.	mutat	in	atm	and	p53	caus	the	human	cancer-associ	diseas	ataxia-telangiectasia	and	li-fraumeni	syndrome,	respectively.	the	two	gene	are	believ	to	interact	in	a	number	of	pathways,	includ	regul	of	dna	damage-induc	cell-cycl	checkpoints,	apoptosi	and	radiat	sensitivity,	and	cellular	proliferation.	atm-nul	mice,	as	well	as	those	null	for	p53,	develop	mainli	t-cell	lymphomas,	support	the	view	that	these	gene	have	similar	role	in	thymocyt	development.	To	studi	the	interact	of	these	two	gene	on	an	organism	level,	we	bred	mice	heterozyg	for	null	allel	of	both	atm	and	p53	to	produc	all	genotyp	combinations.	mice	doubli	null	for	atm	and	p53	exhibit	a	dramat	acceler	of	tumour	format	rel	to	singli	null	mice,	indic	that	both	gene	collabor	in	a	signific	manner	to	prevent	tumorigenesis.	with	respect	to	their	role	in	apoptosis,	loss	of	atm	render	thymocyt	onli	partli	resist	to	irradiation-induc	apoptosis,	wherea	addit	loss	of	p53	engend	complet	resistance.	thi	impli	that	the	irradiation-induc	atm	and	p53	apoptot	pathway	are	not	complet	congruent.	finally-and	in	contrast	to	prior	predictions-atm	and	p53	do	not	appear	to	interact	in	acut	radiat	toxicity,	suggest	a	separ	atm	effector	pathway	for	thi	dna	damag	respons	and	have	implic	for	the	prognosi	and	treatment	of	human	tumours.
9218625	molecular	base	of	C7	deficiency:	three	differ	defects.	the	molecular	basi	of	C7	defici	ha	been	investig	in	two	irish	famili	and	a	number	of	isra	famili	of	moroccan	sephard	jewish	origin.	exon	pcr	and	sequenc	reveal	a	heterozyg	point	mutat	at	the	3	splice	acceptor	site	of	intron	1	in	one	irish	family.	In	the	other	irish	family,	exon	7	and	8	fail	to	amplifi	and	they	were	shown	to	be	deleted.	marker	haplotyp	studi	of	the	C6	and	C7	gene	region	and	southern	blot	show	that	the	irish	famili	with	the	splice	defect	also	segreg	for	the	deletion,	which	is	not	easili	detect	in	heterozygotes.	the	isra	c7-defici	case	all	share	a	C7	haplotyp	and	are	homozyg	for	a	mis-sens	mutat	in	exon	9.	however,	one	individu	is	heterozyg	for	marker	at	adjac	C6	loci,	show	that	there	ha	been	an	intergen	recombin	and	suggest	that	the	defici	mutat	is	of	appreci	antiquity.
8931701	identif	of	wasp	mutations,	mutat	hotspot	and	genotype-phenotyp	dispar	in	24	patient	with	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome.	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was),	an	x-link	immunodefici	diseas	caus	by	mutat	in	the	recent	isol	gene	encod	wa	protein	(wasp),	is	known	to	be	associ	with	extens	clinic	heterogeneity.	cumul	mutat	data	have	reveal	that	wasp	genotyp	are	also	highli	variabl	among	wa	patients,	but	the	relationship	of	phenotyp	with	genotyp	in	thi	diseas	remain	unclear.	To	address	thi	issu	we	character	wasp	mutat	in	24	unrel	wa	patients,	includ	18	boy	with	sever	classic	wa	and	6	boy	express	mild	form	of	the	disease,	and	then	examin	the	degre	of	correl	of	these	as	well	as	all	previous	publish	wasp	mutat	with	diseas	severity.	By	analysi	of	these	compil	mutat	data,	we	demonstr	cluster	of	wasp	mutat	within	the	four	most	n-termin	exon	of	the	gene	and	also	identifi	sever	site	within	thi	region	as	hotspot	for	wasp	mutation.	these	characterist	were	observed,	however,	in	both	sever	and	mild	case	of	the	disease.	similarly,	while	the	cumul	data	reveal	a	predomin	of	missens	mutat	among	the	wasp	gene	lesion	observ	in	boy	with	isol	thrombocytopenia,	missens	mutat	were	not	exclus	associ	with	milder	wa	phenotypes,	but	also	compris	a	substanti	portion	(38%)	of	the	wasp	gene	defect	found	in	patient	with	sever	disease.	these	findings,	as	well	as	the	detect	of	ident	wasp	mutat	in	patient	with	dispar	phenotypes,	reveal	a	lack	of	phenotyp	concord	with	genotyp	in	wa	and	thu	impli	that	phenotyp	outcom	in	thi	diseas	cannot	be	reliabl	predict	sole	on	the	basi	of	wasp	genotypes.
8661102	identif	and	chromosom	local	of	atm,	the	mous	homolog	of	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	gene.	atm,	the	mous	homolog	of	the	human	atm	gene	defect	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t),	ha	been	identified.	the	entir	code	sequenc	of	the	atm	transcript	wa	clone	and	found	to	contain	an	open	read	frame	encod	a	protein	of	3066	amino	acid	with	84%	overal	ident	and	91%	similar	to	the	human	atm	protein.	variabl	level	of	express	of	atm	were	observ	in	differ	tissues.	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	and	linkag	analysi	locat	the	atm	gene	on	mous	chromosom	9,	band	9c,	in	a	region	homolog	to	the	atm	region	on	human	chromosom	11q22-q23.
8782829	mutat	of	msh3	in	endometri	cancer	and	evid	for	it	function	role	in	heteroduplex	repair.	mani	human	tumour	have	length	alter	in	repetit	sequenc	elements.	although	thi	microsatellit	instabl	ha	been	attribut	to	mutat	in	four	dna	mismatch	repair	gene	in	hereditari	nonpolyposi	colorect	cancer	(hnpcc)	kindreds,	mani	sporad	tumour	exhibit	instabl	but	no	detect	mutat	in	these	genes.	It	is	therefor	of	interest	to	identifi	other	gene	that	contribut	to	thi	instability.	In	yeast,	mutat	in	sever	genes,	includ	rth	and	msh3,	caus	microsatellit	instability.	thus,	we	screen	16	endometri	carcinoma	with	microsatellit	instabl	for	alter	in	fen1	(the	human	homolog	of	rth)	and	in	msh3	(ref	12-14).	although	we	found	no	fen1	mutations,	a	frameshift	mutat	in	msh3	wa	observ	in	an	endometri	carcinoma	and	in	an	endometri	carcinoma	cell	line.	extract	of	the	cell	line	were	defici	in	repair	of	dna	substrat	contain	mismatch	or	extra	nucleotides.	introduc	chromosom	5,	encod	the	msh3	gene,	into	the	mutant	cell	line	increas	the	stabil	of	some	but	not	all	microsatellites.	extract	of	these	cell	repair	certain	substrat	contain	extra	nucleotides,	but	were	defici	in	repair	of	those	contain	mismatch	or	other	extra	nucleotides.	A	subsequ	search	reveal	a	second	gene	mutat	in	hhua	cells,	a	missens	mutat	in	the	msh6	gene.	togeth	the	data	suggest	that	the	msh3	gene	encod	a	product	that	function	in	repair	of	some	but	not	all	pre-mut	intermediates,	it	mutat	in	tumour	can	result	in	genom	instabl	and,	as	in	yeast,	msh3	and	msh6	are	partial	redund	for	mismatch	repair.
9066888	kniest	dysplasia:	dr.	W.	kniest,	hi	patient,	the	molecular	defect.	kniest	dysplasia	is	a	sever	chondrodysplasia	caus	by	the	defect	format	of	type	II	collagen.	We	report	about	dr.	kniest,	who	first	describ	the	condit	in	1952,	and	hi	patient,	who,	at	the	age	of	50	year	is	sever	handicap	with	short	stature,	restrict	joint	mobility,	and	blind	but	is	mental	alert	and	lead	an	activ	life.	molecular	analysi	of	the	patient	dna	show	a	singl	base	(g)	delet	involv	the	GT	dinucleotid	at	the	start	of	intron	18	destroy	a	splice	site	of	the	col2a1	gene.	thi	is	in	accord	with	molecular	find	in	other	patient	with	kniest	dysplasia	and	confirms,	in	the	origin	patient,	that	the	disord	is	caus	by	small	infram	delet	often	due	to	exon	skip	as	a	result	of	col2a1	splice	site	mutations.
8841191	ashkenazi	jewish	popul	frequenc	for	common	mutat	in	brca1	and	brca2.	brca1	and	brca2	are	the	two	major	identifi	caus	of	inherit	breast	cancer,	with	mutat	in	either	gene	confer	up	to	80-90%	lifetim	risk	of	breast	cancer	in	carrier	females.	mutat	in	brca1	account	for	approxim	45%	of	famili	breast	cancer	and	90%	of	inherit	breast/ovarian	cancer,	wherea	mutat	in	brca2	account	for	a	compar	percentag	of	inherit	breast	cancer	cases.	over	85	distinct	brca1	mutat	and	a	grow	list	of	brca2	mutat	have	been	identified,	with	the	major	result	in	protein	truncation.	A	specif	brca1	mutation,	185delag,	ha	a	report	increas	carrier	frequenc	of	approxim	0.	9%	in	the	ashkenazi	jewish	population,	but	is	also	found	in	rare	non-jewish	patient	with	a	differ	haplotype.	the	6174delt	mutat	in	brca2	wa	recent	identifi	as	a	frequent	mutat	in	8	out	of	107	ashkenazi	jewish	women	diagnos	with	breast	cancer	by	age	50	(ref.	8),	as	well	as	in	three	ashkenazi	male	breast	cancer	patients.	We	have	conduct	a	large-scal	popul	studi	to	investig	the	preval	of	specif	brca1	and	brca2	mutat	in	ashkenazi	jewish	individu	who	were	unselect	for	breast	cancer.	brca1	mutat	screen	on	approxim	3,	000	ashkenazi	jewish	sampl	determin	a	carrier	frequenc	of	1.	09%	for	the	185delag	mutat	and	0.	13%	for	the	5382insc	mutation.	brca2	analysi	on	3,	085	individu	from	the	same	popul	show	a	carrier	frequenc	of	1.	52%	for	the	6174delt	mutation.	thi	expand	population-bas	studi	confirm	that	the	brca1	185delag	mutat	and	the	brca2	6174delt	mutat	constitut	the	two	most	frequent	mutat	allel	predispos	to	hereditari	breast	cancer	among	the	ashkenazim,	and	suggest	a	rel	lower	penetr	for	the	6174delt	mutat	in	brca
8678979	map	the	homolog	of	the	human	rb1	gene	to	chromosom	14	of	higher	primates.	the	rb1	gene	ha	been	implic	with	retinoblastoma	and	is	locat	on	human	chromosom	(chr)	13q14.	2	2.	A	uniqu	sequenc	human	rb1	cosmid	dna	probe	ha	been	use	to	local	thi	region	on	ape	chr	14	by	the	fish	technique.	the	conserv	of	the	rb1	gene	in	higher	primat	at	the	correspond	equival	chromosom	locu	(14q14)	of	the	human	may	serv	as	a	phylogenet	marker	to	further	trace	the	evolutionari	pathway	of	human	descent
9182899	difficulti	in	the	ascertain	of	C9	deficiency:	lesson	to	be	drawn	from	a	compound	heterozygot	c9-defici	subject.	A	group	of	patient	with	long-surviv	mismatch	kidney	allograft	were	investig	for	complement	function	use	haemolyt	assay	in	agaros	gels.	one	patient	wa	found	to	have	no	altern	pathway	activ	but	a	low	normal	classic	pathway.	surprisingly,	investig	reveal	that	the	patient	complement	wa	normal	for	all	compon	except	c9,	which	wa	function	absent.	the	patient	wa	shown	to	be	heterozyg	for	dna	marker	in	the	c6,	C7	and	C9	region	of	chromosom	5	and	therefor	appear	to	be	a	compound	heterozygot	for	two	uncharacter	C9	defici	genes.	serolog	analysi	by	elisa	reveal	that	he	ha	trace	concentr	of	a	non-funct	C9	molecule.	western	blot	analysi	wa	not	suffici	sensit	to	permit	detect	of	thi	molecule.	We	hypothes	that	the	patient	is	heterozyg	for	a	complet	defici	of	C9	and	for	a	gene	direct	hyposynthesi	of	a	defect	c9.	We	also	suggest	that	C9	defici	may	be	more	common	among	caucasian	than	ha	been	reported.
9020847	moder	intergener	and	somat	instabl	of	a	55-ctg	repeat	in	transgen	mice.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	associ	with	the	expans	of	a	(ctg)	n	trinucleotid	repeat	in	the	3	untransl	region	(utr)	of	the	DM	protein	kinas	gene	(dmpk).	the	(ctg)	n	repeat	is	polymorph	and	vari	in	size	between	5	and	37	repeat	in	unaffect	individu	wherea	in	affect	patient	there	are	between	50	and	4,	000	ctgs.	the	size	of	the	(ctg)	n	repeat,	which	increas	through	generations,	gener	correl	with	clinic	sever	and	age	of	onset.	the	instabl	of	the	ctg	repeat	appear	to	depend	on	it	size	as	well	as	on	the	sex	of	the	transmit	parent.	moreover,	mitot	instabl	analysi	of	differ	human	DM	tissu	show	length	mosaic	between	differ	cell	lineages.	the	molecular	mechan	of	triplet	instabl	remain	elusive.	To	investig	the	role	of	genom	sequenc	in	instability,	we	produc	transgen	mice	contain	a	45-kb	genom	segment	with	a	55-ctg	repeat	clone	from	a	mildli	affect	patient.	In	contrast	to	other	mous	model	contain	cag	repeat	within	cdnas,	these	mice	show	both	intergener	and	somat	repeat	instability.
9174057	mutat	in	the	arginine-rich	protein	gene	(arp)	in	pancreat	cancer.	the	arp	gene	encod	a	highli	conserv	arginine-rich	protein	from	chromosom	band	3p21.	1	1.	At	the	cytogenet	level	thi	region	is	frequent	delet	in	a	varieti	of	differ	solid	tumors,	although	not	in	pancreat	cancer.	We	have	report	the	presenc	of	a	specif	mutat	(atg50--	>	agg)	or	delet	of	codon	50	of	the	arp	gene	in	differ	tumor	type	(shridhar	et	al.,	1996,	1996a).	In	the	present	study,	we	have	observ	mutat	involv	codon	50	in	11	of	37	pancreat	tumors.	the	frequenc	of	codon	50	mutat	is	roughli	the	same	in	pancreat	tumor	as	in	the	other	type	of	tumor	previous	examined.	In	addition,	we	have	detect	mutat	at	codon	51	in	multipl	pcr	subclon	in	two	other	pancreat	tumors.	mutat	in	the	arp	gene	are	thu	commonli	observ	in	pancreat	cancer,	as	well	as	mani	other	cancer
9083764	heterogen	in	schwartz-jampel	chondrodystroph	myotonia.	the	schwartz-jampel	syndrom	(sjs;	chondrodystroph	myotonia;	mck	255,	800)	is	a	recess	inherit	condit	defin	by	myotonia,	short	stature,	and	bone	dysplasia.	genet	linkag	between	sj	and	chromosom	region	1q36-34	ha	been	observ	in	sever	families,	but	the	gene	ha	not	yet	been	identified.	We	studi	the	clinic	and	radiolog	featur	in	81	patient	from	the	literatur	and	5	own	patient	tri	to	identifi	distinct	subgroups.	In	addition,	we	test	genet	linkag	to	the	sj	locu	on	chromosom	1	in	one	famili	with	two	affect	sibs.	We	found	that	a	group	of	patient	have	mild	skelet	chang	which	may	be	secondari	consequ	of	myotonia,	while	anoth	group	of	patient	appear	to	have	primari	bone	dysplasia	with	myotonia.	within	thi	latter	group,	there	are	differ	in	age	of	manifestation,	clinic	cours	and	pattern	of	bone	changes.	We	tent	isol	three	differ	type	of	sj	type	1a,	usual	recogn	in	childhood,	with	moder	bone	dysplasia,	correspond	to	the	origin	descript	of	schwartz,	jampel	and	aberfeld;	type	1b,	similar	to	type	1A	but	recogniz	at	birth,	with	more	pronounc	bone	dysplasia	resembl	kniest	dysplasia;	and	type	2,	manifest	at	birth,	with	increas	mortal	and	bone	dysplasia	resembl	pyle	disease.	genet	analysi	of	the	famili	with	two	sib	affect	by	sj	type	2	show	evid	against	linkag	to	chromosom	1p36-34.	conclus	sj	is	clinic	and	radiolog	heterogeneous.	the	caus	of	heterogen	are	not	known	yet	but	are	like	to	includ	both	differ	mutat	at	the	sj	locu	on	chromosom	1	and	the	presenc	of	a	second	sj	locus.	A	tent	clinico-radiolog	classif	can	be	use	for	the	character	of	patient	and	the	develop	of	genotype-phenotyp	correlations.
8636252	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	is	a	frequent	caus	of	idiopath	addison'	diseas	in	young	adult	male	patients.	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	is	a	genet	diseas	associ	with	demyelin	of	the	central	nervou	system,	adren	insufficiency,	and	accumul	of	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	in	tissu	and	bodi	fluids.	ald	is	due	to	mutat	of	a	gene	locat	in	xq28	that	encod	a	peroxisom	transport	protein	of	unknown	function.	the	most	common	phenotyp	of	ald	is	the	cerebr	form	(45%)	that	develop	in	boy	between	5-12	yr.	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn)	involv	the	spinal	cord	and	peripher	nerv	in	young	adult	(35%).	adren	insuffici	(addison	disease)	is	frequent	associ	with	amn	or	cerebr	ald	and	may	remain	the	onli	clinic	express	of	ald	(8%	of	cases).	the	preval	of	ald	among	adult	with	addison	diseas	remain	unknown.	To	evalu	thi	prevalence,	we	perform	biochem	analysi	of	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	in	14	male	patient	(age	rang	from	12-45	yr	at	diagnosis)	previous	diagnos	as	have	primari	idiopath	adrenocort	insufficiency.	In	5	of	14	patient	(35%),	elev	plasma	concentr	of	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	were	detected.	none	of	these	patient	had	adrenocort	antibodies.	By	electrophysiolog	test	and	magnet	reson	imag	it	wa	determin	that	two	patient	had	cerebr	ald,	one	had	adrenomyeloneuropathi	with	cerebr	involvement,	and	two	had	preclin	amn.	our	data	support	the	hypothesi	that	ald	is	a	frequent	caus	of	idiopath	addison	diseas	in	children	and	adults.
8640236	low	incid	of	brca2	mutat	in	breast	carcinoma	and	other	cancers.	inherit	mutant	allel	of	famili	tumour	suppressor	gene	predispos	individu	to	particular	type	of	cancer.	In	addit	to	an	involv	in	inherit	suscept	to	cancer,	these	tumour	suppressor	gene	are	target	for	somat	mutat	in	sporad	cancer	of	the	same	type	found	in	the	famili	forms.	An	except	is	brca1,	which	contribut	to	a	signific	fraction	of	famili	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	but	undergo	mutat	at	veri	low	rate	in	sporad	breast	and	ovarian	cancers.	thi	find	suggest	that	other	gene	may	be	the	princip	target	for	somat	mutat	in	breast	carcinoma.	A	second,	recent	identifi	famili	breast	cancer	gene,	brca2	(ref	5-8),	account	for	a	proport	of	breast	cancer	roughli	equal	to	brca1.	like	brca1,	brca2	behav	as	a	dominantli	inherit	tumour	suppressor	gene.	individu	who	inherit	one	mutant	allel	are	at	increas	risk	for	breast	cancer,	and	the	tumour	they	develop	lose	the	wild-typ	allel	by	heterozyg	deletion.	the	brca2	code	sequenc	is	huge,	compos	of	26	exon	that	span	10,	443	bp.	here	we	investig	the	rate	of	brca2	mutat	in	sporad	breast	cancer	and	in	a	set	of	cell	line	that	repres	twelv	other	tumour	types.	surprisingly,	mutat	in	brca2	are	infrequ	in	cancer	includ	breast	carcinoma.	however,	a	probabl	germlin	mutat	in	a	pancreat	tumour	cell	line	suggest	a	role	for	brca2	in	suscept	to	pancreat	cancer.
9050868	type	iii	collagen	is	crucial	for	collagen	I	fibrillogenesi	and	for	normal	cardiovascular	development.	type	iii	collagen	is	a	fibrillar	form	collagen	compris	three	alpha1	(iii)	chain	and	is	express	in	earli	embryo	and	throughout	embryogenesis.	In	the	adult,	type	iii	collagen	is	a	major	compon	of	the	extracellular	matrix	in	a	varieti	of	intern	organ	and	skin.	mutat	in	the	col3a1	gene	have	been	implic	as	a	caus	of	type	IV	ehlers-danlo	syndrome,	a	diseas	lead	to	aortic	ruptur	in	earli	adult	life.	To	directli	studi	the	role	of	col3a1	in	develop	and	disease,	we	have	inactiv	the	col3a1	gene	in	embryon	stem	cell	by	homolog	recombination.	the	mutat	allel	wa	transmit	through	the	mous	germ	line	and	homozyg	mutant	anim	were	deriv	from	heterozyg	intercrosses.	about	10%	of	the	homozyg	mutant	anim	surviv	to	adulthood	but	have	a	much	shorter	life	span	compar	with	wild-typ	mice.	the	major	caus	of	death	of	mutant	mice	wa	ruptur	of	the	major	blood	vessels,	similar	to	patient	with	type	IV	ehlers-danlo	syndrome.	ultrastructur	analysi	of	tissu	from	mutant	mice	reveal	that	type	iii	collagen	is	essenti	for	normal	collagen	I	fibrillogenesi	in	the	cardiovascular	system	and	other	organs.
9138149	the	incid	of	pax6	mutat	in	patient	with	simpl	aniridia:	an	evalu	of	mutat	detect	in	12	cases.	twelv	aniridia	patients,	five	with	a	famili	histori	and	seven	presum	to	be	sporadic,	were	exhaust	screen	in	order	to	test	what	proport	of	peopl	with	aniridia,	uncompl	by	associ	anomalies,	carri	mutat	in	the	human	pax6	gene.	mutat	were	detect	in	90%	of	the	cases.	three	mutat	detect	techniqu	were	use	to	determin	if	one	method	wa	superior	for	thi	gene.	the	protein	truncat	test	(ptt)	wa	use	on	rt-pcr	products,	sscp	on	genom	pcr	amplifications,	and	chemic	cleavag	of	mismatch	on	both	rt-pcr	and	genom	amplifications.	for	rt-pcr	products,	onli	the	translat	portion	of	the	gene	wa	screened.	On	genom	product	exon	1	to	13	(includ	740	bp	of	the	3	untransl	sequenc	and	all	intron/exon	boundaries)	were	screened,	as	wa	a	neuroretina	specif	enhanc	in	intron	4.	ten	of	the	possibl	12	mutat	in	the	five	famili	case	and	five	of	the	sporad	patient	were	found,	all	of	which	conform	to	a	function	outcom	of	haploinsufficiency.	five	were	splice	site	mutat	(one	in	the	donor	site	of	intron	4,	two	in	the	donor	site	of	intron	6,	one	in	each	of	the	acceptor	site	of	intron	8	and	9)	and	five	were	nonsens	mutat	in	exon	8,	9,	10,	11,	and	12.	sscp	analysi	of	individu	amplifi	exons,	with	which	nine	of	the	10	mutat	were	seen,	wa	the	most	use	detect	method	for	pax6.
8931709	germlin	mutat	in	the	3'	part	of	apc	exon	15	do	not	result	in	truncat	protein	and	are	associ	with	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli.	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	is	an	inherit	predisposit	to	colorect	cancer	character	by	the	develop	of	numer	adenomat	polyp	predominantli	in	the	colorect	region.	germlin	mutat	in	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	are	respons	for	most	case	of	fap.	mutat	at	the	5	end	of	apc	are	known	to	be	associ	with	a	rel	mild	form	of	the	disease,	call	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(aapc).	We	identifi	a	frameshift	mutat	in	the	3	part	of	exon	15,	result	in	a	stop	codon	at	1862,	in	a	larg	dutch	kindr	with	aapc.	western	blot	analysi	of	lymphoblastoid	cell	line	deriv	from	affect	famili	member	from	thi	kindred,	as	well	as	from	a	previous	report	swiss	famili	carri	a	frameshift	mutat	at	codon	1987	and	display	a	similar	attenu	phenotype,	show	onli	the	wild-typ	apc	protein.	our	studi	indic	that	chain-termin	mutat	locat	in	the	3	part	of	apc	do	not	result	in	detect	truncat	polypeptid	and	we	hypothes	that	thi	is	like	to	be	the	basi	for	the	observ	aapc	phenotype.
8824873	absenc	of	diseas	phenotyp	and	intergener	stabil	of	the	cag	repeat	in	transgen	mice	express	the	human	huntington	diseas	transcript.	the	mutat	underli	huntington	diseas	(hd)	is	cag	expans	in	the	first	exon	of	the	HD	gene.	In	order	to	investig	the	role	of	cag	expans	in	the	pathogenesi	of	hd,	we	have	produc	transgen	mice	contain	the	full	length	human	HD	cdna	with	44	cag	repeats.	By	1	year,	these	mice	have	no	behavior	abnorm	and	morphometr	analysi	at	6	(one	animal)	and	9	(two	animals)	month	age	reveal	no	changes.	despit	high	level	of	mrna	expression,	there	wa	no	evid	of	the	HD	gene	product	in	ani	of	these	transgen	mice.	In	vitro	transfect	studi	indic	that	the	inclus	of	120	bp	of	the	5	utr	in	the	cdna	construct	and	the	presenc	of	a	frameshift	mutat	at	nucleotid	2349	prevent	express	of	the	HD	cdna.	these	find	suggest	that	the	pathogenesi	of	HD	is	not	mediat	through	dna-protein	interact	and	that	presenc	of	the	rna	transcript	with	an	expand	cag	repeat	is	insuffici	to	caus	the	disease.	rather,	translat	of	the	cag	is	crucial	for	the	pathogenesi	of	hd.	In	contrast	to	that	seen	in	humans,	the	cag	repeat	in	these	mice	wa	remark	stabl	in	97	meioses.	thi	suggest	that	genom	sequenc	may	play	a	critic	role	in	influenc	repeat	instability.
8944024	detect	of	heterozyg	mutat	in	brca1	use	high	densiti	oligonucleotid	array	and	two-colour	fluoresc	analysis.	the	abil	to	scan	a	larg	gene	rapidli	and	accur	for	all	possibl	heterozyg	mutat	in	larg	number	of	patient	sampl	will	be	critic	for	the	futur	of	medicine.	We	have	design	high-dens	array	consist	of	over	96,	600	oligonucleotid	20-nucleotid	(nt)	in	length	to	screen	for	a	wide	rang	of	heterozyg	mutat	in	the	3.	45-kilobas	(kb)	exon	11	of	the	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	gene	brca1.	refer	and	test	sampl	were	co-hybrid	to	these	array	and	differ	in	hybrid	pattern	quantit	by	two-colour	analysis.	fourteen	of	fifteen	patient	sampl	with	known	mutat	were	accur	diagnosed,	and	no	fals	posit	mutat	were	identifi	in	20	control	samples.	eight	singl	nucleotid	polymorph	were	also	readili	detected.	dna	chip-bas	assay	may	provid	a	valuabl	new	technolog	for	high-throughput	cost-effici	detect	of	genet	alter
8670333	colchicin	in	breast	milk	of	patient	with	famili	mediterranean	fever.	objective.	To	clarifi	whether	colchicin	is	excret	in	breast	milk,	and	to	compar	it	concentr	in	the	serum	and	breast	milk	of	lactat	women	who	have	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf).	methods.	use	a	specif	radioimmunoassay,	we	determin	colchicin	concentr	in	the	serum	and	breast	milk	of	4	patient	at	variou	time	points,	follow	oral	administr	of	the	drug.	the	studi	evalu	4	patient	with	fmf	who	had	been	take	colchicin	on	a	long-term	basis.	results.	colchicin	wa	found	to	be	excret	in	breast	milk.	it	level	rang	between	1.	9	and	8.	6	ng/ml,	which	were	similar	to	those	found	in	the	serum	(parallel	concentr	time	curves).	however,	there	appear	to	be	a	consider	variat	in	colchicin	milk	concentr	among	the	differ	patients,	which	might	be	relat	to	individu	breast	milk	composit	and,	possibly,	to	other	nutrit	or	metabol	factors.	conclusion.	the	extens	peripher	tissu	bind	and	rel	low	concentr	of	colchicin	in	breast	milk	suggest	that	the	amount	ingest	by	the	infant	is	small.	furthermore,	base	on	our	clinic	experience,	nurs	appear	to	be	safe	for	lactat	women	with	fmf	who	continu	to	take	colchicin
9144525	the	human	complement	C9	gene:	identif	of	two	mutat	caus	defici	and	revis	of	the	gene	structure.	the	ninth	compon	of	human	complement	(c9)	is	the	last	of	the	termin	complement	compon	creat	the	membran	attack	complex.	C9	is	a	single-chain	serum	protein	that	is	encod	by	a	gene	locat	on	chromosom	5p.	defici	of	termin	complement	compon	is	gener	associ	with	recurr	neisseria	infections.	We	studi	a	previous	describ	swiss	famili	with	inherit	C9	deficiency.	To	identifi	the	genet	basi	of	C9	deficiency,	we	develop	an	approach	use	exon-specif	pcr	and	direct	dna	sequencing.	As	a	caus	of	C9	defici	,	we	found	two	differ	point	mutations,	both	gener	tga	stop	codon	in	the	code	sequence.	one	mutation,	a	C	to	A	exchange,	wa	detect	in	exon	2	at	cdna	posit	166,	the	other,	a	C	to	T	exchange,	wa	locat	in	exon	4	(cdna	posit	464).	In	famili	studi	of	three	first-degre	rel	with	heterozyg	C9	deficiency,	we	demonstr	that	the	two	mutat	are	segreg	independently.	therefore,	these	mutat	are	suffici	to	explain	the	complet	defici	of	both	the	proband	studied.	dna	sequenc	of	the	exon-intron	junction	reveal	a	number	of	revis	regard	the	boundari	between	exon	4,	5,	and	6	as	well	as	between	exon	10	and	11.	No	addit	intron	were	detect	in	exon	6	and	10.	furthermore,	dna	marker	studi	were	conduct	use	known	polymorph	of	the	c6,	c7,	and	C9	genes,	confirm	the	linkag	of	the	observ	C9	mutat	with	defin	haplotypes.
9222760	molecular	heterogen	of	classic	and	duart	galactosemia:	mutat	analysi	by	denatur	gradient	gel	electrophoresis.	classic	galactosemia	is	caus	by	one	common	missens	mutat	(q188r)	and	by	sever	rare	mutat	in	the	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferas	(galt)	gene.	the	most	common	variant	of	galt,	the	duart	variant,	occur	as	two	types,	duarte-1	(d-1)	and	duarte-2	(d-2),	both	of	which	carri	the	sequenc	chang	n314d.	d-1	increases,	wherea	d-2	decreas	galt	activity.	To	studi	the	molecular	genet	of	classic	and	duart	galactosemia,	we	analyz	the	galt	mutat	in	30	famili	with	classic	galactosemia,	in	10	famili	with	the	d-2	variant	and	in	3	individu	carri	the	d-1	allel	by	denatur	gradient	gel	electrophoresi	(dgge).	dgge	detect	59	of	the	60	classic	galactosemia	alleles.	q188r	account	for	60%,	k285n	account	for	28%	of	these	alleles.	eight	novel	candid	galactosemia	mutat	were	found.	On	all	d-2	allel	n314d	occur	in	ci	with	two	intron	sequenc	changes,	on	the	d-1	allel	in	ci	with	a	neutral	mutat	in	exon	7.	We	conclud	that	the	mutat	caus	galactosemia	are	highli	heterogen	and	that	k285n	is	a	second	common	galactosemia	mutat	in	our	population.
9056547	nonsens	mutat	in	exon	3	of	the	proteolipid	protein	gene	(plp)	in	a	famili	with	an	unusu	form	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.	We	report	a	g--	>	A	transit	at	nucleotid	431	of	the	proteolipid	protein	gene	(plp)	result	in	a	nonsens	codon	in	a	famili	with	an	unusu	form	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(pmd).	the	mutation,	which	creat	a	second	alui	restrict	site,	result	in	a	nonsens	mutat	in	plp.	the	clinic	pictur	resembl	somewhat	that	of	x-link	spastic	paraplegia	(spg).	It	differ	from	thi	and	both	the	classic	and	connat	form	of	pmd	in	that	it	is	rel	mild	in	form,	onset	is	delay	beyond	age	2	years,	nystagmu	is	absent,	tremor	are	prominent,	mental	retard	is	not	severe,	some	patient	show	dementia	or	person	disorders,	the	diseas	is	progress	rather	than	static	in	some,	and	sever	femal	show	sign	of	disease.	the	nonsens	mutation,	which	is	in	exon	3b,	should	block	the	synthesi	of	normal	plp	but	spare	dm20,	the	isoform	whose	persist	ha	been	associ	with	mild	form	of	plp-associ	diseas	in	both	human	and	mice.
8790412	the	hybrid	pax3-fkhr	fusion	protein	of	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma	transform	fibroblast	in	culture.	pediatr	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma	is	character	by	a	chromosom	transloc	that	fuse	part	of	the	pax3	and	fkhr	genes.	pax3	code	for	a	transcript	regul	that	control	development	programs,	and	fkhr	code	for	a	forkhead-wing	helix	protein,	also	a	like	transcript	factor.	the	pax3-fkhr	fusion	product	retain	the	dna	bind	domain	of	the	pax3	protein	and	the	put	activ	domain	of	the	fkhr	protein.	the	pax3-fkhr	protein	ha	been	shown	to	function	as	a	transcript	activator.	use	the	rca	retrovir	vector,	we	have	introduc	the	pax3-fkhr	gene	into	chicken	embryo	fibroblasts.	express	of	the	pax3-fkhr	protein	in	these	cell	lead	to	transform	the	cell	becom	enlarged,	grow	tightli	pack	and	in	multipl	layers,	and	acquir	the	abil	for	anchorage-independ	growth.	thi	cellular	transform	in	vitro	will	facilit	studi	on	the	mechan	of	pax3-fkhr-induc	oncogenesis.
9090524	A	clinic	overview	of	wt1	gene	mutations.	mutat	in	the	wt1	gene	were	anticip	to	explain	the	genet	basi	of	the	childhood	kidney	cancer,	wilm	tumour	(wt).	six	year	on,	we	review	100	report	of	intragen	wt1	mutat	and	examin	the	accompani	clinic	phenotypes.	while	onli	5%	of	sporad	wilm	tumour	have	intragen	wt1	mutations,	>	90%	of	patient	with	the	denys-drash	syndrom	(renal	nephropathy,	gonad	anomaly,	predisposit	to	wt)	carri	constitut	intragen	wt1	mutations.	wt1	mutat	have	also	been	report	in	juvenil	granulosa	cell	tumour,	non-asbesto	relat	mesothelioma,	desmoplast	small	round	cell	tumour	and,	most	recently,	acut	myeloid	leukemia.
8843193	dual	role	of	atm	in	the	cellular	respons	to	radiat	and	in	cell	growth	control.	the	gene	mutat	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	(at)	patients,	denot	atm,	encod	a	put	protein	or	lipid	kinase.	To	elucid	the	function	of	atm,	we	disrupt	the	mous	atm	gene	through	homolog	recombin	in	mice.	consist	with	cellular	defect	of	AT	patients,	the	atm-/-	cell	are	hypersensit	to	gamma-irradi	and	defect	in	cell-cycl	arrest	follow	radiation,	correl	with	a	defect	up-regul	of	p53.	In	addition,	atm-/-	mous	thymocyt	are	more	resist	to	apoptosi	induc	by	gamma-irradi	than	normal	thymocytes.	atm-/-	fibroblast	are	ineffici	in	G1	to	s-phase	progress	follow	serum	stimul	and	senesc	after	onli	a	few	passag	in	culture.	they	have	an	increas	constitut	level	of	p21cp1/waf1.	the	atm	protein	is	therefor	critic	both	for	cellular	respons	to	ioniz	radiat	and	for	normal	cell-cycl	progression.	atm	+/-	fibroblast	and	thymocyt	show	intermedi	defect	respons	to	irradi	but	no	growth	defect,	suggest	that	the	increas	cancer	risk	of	AT	heterozygot	could	be	attribut	to	poor	checkpoint	function.
8659549	identif	and	express	of	eight	novel	mutat	among	non-jewish	patient	with	canavan	disease.	canavan	diseas	is	inherit	as	an	autosom	recess	trait	that	is	caus	by	the	defici	of	aspartoacylas	(aspa).	the	major	of	patient	with	canavan	diseas	are	from	an	ashkenazi	jewish	background.	mutat	in	aspa	that	lead	to	loss	of	enzymat	activ	have	been	identified,	and	e285a	and	y231x	are	the	two	predomin	mutat	that	account	for	97%	of	the	mutant	chromosom	in	ashkenazi	jewish	patients.	the	current	studi	wa	aim	at	find	the	molecular	basi	of	canavan	diseas	in	25	independ	patient	of	non-jewish	background.	eight	novel	and	three	previous	character	mutat	account	for	80%	(40/50)	of	mutant	chromosomes.	the	a305	missens	mutat	account	for	48%	(24/50)	of	mutant	chromosom	in	patient	of	western	european	descent,	while	the	two	predomin	jewish	mutat	each	account	for	a	singl	mutant	chromosome.	the	eight	novel	mutat	identifi	includ	1-	and	4-bp	delet	(32	deltat	and	876	deltaagaa,	respectively)	and	i16t,	g27r,	d114e,	g123e,	c152y,	and	r168c	missens	mutations.	the	homozyg	32	deltat	delet	wa	identifi	in	the	onli	known	patient	of	african-american	origin	with	canavan	disease.	the	heterozygos	for	876	deltaagaa	mutat	wa	identifi	in	three	independ	patient	from	england.	six	single-bas	chang	lead	to	missens	mutat	were	identifi	in	patient	from	turkey	(d114e,	r168c),	the	netherland	(i16t),	germani	(g27r),	ireland	(c152y),	and	canada	(g123e).	A	pcr-base	protocol	is	describ	that	wa	use	to	introduc	mutat	in	wild-typ	cdna.	In	vitro	express	of	mutant	cdna	clone	demonstr	that	all	of	these	mutat	led	to	a	defici	of	aspa	and	should	therefor	result	in	canavan	disease.
9145677	brca1	mutat	in	women	attend	clinic	that	evalu	the	risk	of	breast	cancer.	background	To	defin	the	incid	of	brca1	mutat	among	patient	seen	in	clinic	that	evalu	the	risk	of	breast	cancer,	we	analyz	dna	sampl	from	women	seen	in	thi	set	and	construct	probabl	tabl	to	provid	estim	of	the	likelihood	of	find	a	brca1	mutat	in	individu	families.	method	clinic	information,	famili	histories,	and	blood	for	dna	analysi	were	obtain	from	263	women	with	breast	cancer.	conformation-sensit	gel	electrophoresi	and	dna	sequenc	were	use	to	identifi	brca1	mutations.	result	brca1	mutat	were	identifi	in	16	percent	of	women	with	a	famili	histori	of	breast	cancer.	onli	7	percent	of	women	from	famili	with	a	histori	of	breast	cancer	but	not	ovarian	cancer	had	brca1	mutations.	the	rate	were	higher	among	women	from	famili	with	a	histori	of	both	breast	and	ovarian	cancer.	among	famili	members,	an	averag	age	of	less	than	55	year	at	the	diagnosi	of	breast	cancer,	the	presenc	of	ovarian	cancer,	the	presenc	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	in	the	same	woman,	and	ashkenazi	jewish	ancestri	were	all	associ	with	an	increas	risk	of	detect	a	brca1	mutation.	No	associ	wa	found	between	the	presenc	of	bilater	breast	cancer	or	the	number	of	breast	cancer	in	a	famili	and	the	detect	of	a	brca1	mutation,	or	between	the	posit	of	the	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene	and	the	presenc	of	ovarian	cancer	in	a	family.	conclus	among	women	with	breast	cancer	and	a	famili	histori	of	the	disease,	the	percentag	with	brca1	coding-region	mutat	is	less	than	the	45	percent	predict	by	genetic-linkag	analysis.	these	result	suggest	that	even	in	a	referr	clinic	special	in	screen	women	from	high-risk	families,	the	major	of	test	for	brca1	mutat	will	be	neg	and	therefor	uninformative.
9271438	the	von	hippel-lindau	tumor	suppressor	gene	product	interact	with	sp1	to	repress	vascular	endotheli	growth	factor	promot	activity.	the	von	hippel-lindau	tumor	suppressor	gene	(vhl)	ha	a	critic	role	in	the	pathogenesi	of	clear-cel	renal	cell	carcinoma	(rcc),	as	vhl	mutat	have	been	found	in	both	von	hippel-lindau	disease-associ	and	sporad	rccs.	recent	studi	suggest	that	vascular	endotheli	growth	factor	(vegf)	mrna	is	upregul	in	rcc-	and	von	hippel-lindau	disease-associ	tumors.	We	have	therefor	assess	the	effect	of	the	vhl	gene	product	on	vegf	expression.	vegf	promoter-luciferas	construct	were	transient	cotransfect	with	a	wild-typ	vhl	(wt-vhl)	vector	in	sever	cell	lines,	includ	293	embryon	kidney	and	rcc	cell	lines.	wt-vhl	protein	inhibit	vegf	promot	activ	in	a	dose-depend	manner	up	to	5-	to	10-fold.	delet	analysi	defin	a	144-bp	region	of	the	vegf	promot	necessari	for	vhl	repression.	thi	vhl-respons	element	is	GC	rich	and	specif	bind	the	transcript	factor	sp1	in	crude	nuclear	extracts.	In	drosophila	cells,	cotransfect	vhl	repress	sp1-mediat	activ	but	not	basal	activ	of	the	vegf	promoter.	We	next	demonstr	in	coimmunoprecipit	that	vhl	and	sp1	were	part	of	the	same	complex	and,	by	use	a	glutathione-s-transferase-vhl	fusion	protein	and	purifi	sp1,	that	vhl	and	sp1	directli	interact.	furthermore,	endogen	vegf	mrna	level	were	suppress	in	perman	rcc	cell	line	express	wt-vhl,	and	nuclear	run-on	studi	indic	that	vhl	regul	of	vegf	occur	at	least	partli	at	the	transcript	level.	these	observ	support	a	new	mechan	for	vhl-mediat	transcript	repress	via	a	direct	inhibitori	action	on	sp1	and	suggest	that	loss	of	sp1	inhibit	may	be	import	in	the	pathogenesi	of	von	hippel-lindau	diseas	and	rcc.
8605116	germlin	mutat	in	the	rb1	gene	in	patient	with	hereditari	retinoblastoma.	We	have	analyz	the	27	exon	and	the	promot	region	of	the	rb1	gene	in	famili	or	sporad	bilater	retinoblastoma	by	use	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysis.	for	improv	over	previou	studies,	a	new	set	of	primer	ha	been	designed,	which	allow	for	amplif	of	the	code	and	splice	sequenc	only.	the	posit	of	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	primer	wa	such	that	the	result	pcr	product	were	of	differ	sizes,	which	enabl	us	to	analyz	two	differ	exon	simultan	and	still	distinguish	between	the	band	profil	for	both	(biplex	analysis).	By	use	thi	approach,	we	were	abl	to	identifi	mutat	in	22	new	patients,	but	the	overal	effici	of	the	procedur	when	we	use	a	single-pass	regimen	wa	onli	48%.	the	mutat	were	small	insert	and	delet	and	point	mutat	in	roughli	equal	proportions.
8723064	delet	of	small	nuclear	ribonucleoprotein	polypeptid	N	(snrpn)	in	prader-willi	syndrom	detect	by	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridization:	two	sib	with	the	typic	phenotyp	without	a	cytogenet	delet	in	chromosom	15q.	the	small	nuclear	ribonucleoprotein	polypeptid	N	(snrpn)	gene	is	regard	as	one	of	the	candid	for	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	We	describ	two	sib	with	typic	pw	present	delet	of	snrpn	detect	by	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	(fish).	neither	a	cytogenet	detect	15q12	delet	nor	a	delet	for	the	d15s11,	d15s10,	and	gabrb3	cosmid	probe	were	found	in	either	patient.	thi	impli	a	smaller	delet	limit	to	the	pw	critic	region.	fish	with	a	snrpn	probe	will	permit	analysi	of	pw	patient	with	limit	delet	not	detect	with	other	probes.
8666397	the	mous	homolog	of	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein	(wasp)	gene	is	highli	conserv	and	map	near	the	scurfi	(sf)	mutat	on	the	X	chromosome.	the	mous	wasp	gene,	the	homolog	of	the	gene	mutat	in	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome,	ha	been	isol	and	sequenced.	the	predict	amino	acid	sequenc	is	86%	ident	to	the	human	wasp	sequence.	A	distinct	featur	of	the	mous	gene	is	an	expand	polymorph	gga	trinucleotid	repeat	that	code	for	polyglycin	and	vari	from	15	to	17	triplet	in	differ	mu	musculu	strains.	the	genom	structur	of	the	mous	wasp	gene	is	express	as	an	approxim	2.	4-kb	mrna	in	thymu	and	spleen.	chromosom	map	in	an	interspecif	M.	musculus/m.	spretu	backcross	place	the	wasp	locu	near	the	centromer	of	the	mous	X	chromosome,	insepar	from	gata1,	tcfe3,	and	scurfi	(sf).	thi	local	make	wasp	a	candid	for	involv	in	scurfy,	a	T	cell-medi	fatal	lymphoreticular	diseas	of	mice	that	ha	previous	been	propos	as	a	mous	homolog	of	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome.	northern	analysi	of	sf	tissu	sampl	indic	the	presenc	of	wasp	mrna	in	liver	and	skin,	presum	as	a	consequ	of	lymphocyt	infiltration,	but	non	abnorm	in	the	amount	or	size	of	mrna	present
8789439	An	anim	model	for	norri	diseas	(nd):	gene	target	of	the	mous	ND	gene.	In	order	to	elucid	the	cellular	and	molecular	process	which	are	involv	in	norri	diseas	(nd),	we	have	use	gene	target	technolog	to	gener	ND	mutant	mice.	the	murin	homologu	of	the	ND	gene	wa	clone	and	shown	to	encod	a	polypeptid	that	share	94%	of	the	amino	acid	sequenc	with	it	human	counterpart.	rna	in	situ	hybrid	reveal	express	in	retina,	brain	and	the	olfactori	bulb	and	epithelium	of	2	week	old	mice.	hemizyg	mice	carri	a	replac	mutat	in	exon	2	of	the	ND	gene	develop	retrolent	structur	in	the	vitreou	bodi	and	show	an	overal	disorgan	of	the	retin	ganglion	cell	layer.	the	outer	plexiform	layer	disappear	occasionally,	result	in	a	juxtapos	inner	and	outer	nuclear	layer.	At	the	same	regions,	the	outer	segment	of	the	photoreceptor	cell	layer	are	no	longer	present.	these	ocular	find	are	consist	with	observ	in	ND	patient	and	the	gener	mous	line	provid	a	faith	model	for	studi	of	earli	pathogen	event	in	thi	sever	x-link	recess	neurolog	disorder.
8659522	phenotyp	character	of	individu	with	30-40	cag	repeat	in	the	huntington	diseas	(hd)	gene	reveal	HD	case	with	36	repeat	and	appar	normal	elderli	individu	with	36-39	repeats.	abnorm	cag	expans	in	the	it-15	gene	are	associ	with	huntington	diseas	(hd).	In	the	diagnost	set	it	is	necessari	to	defin	the	limit	of	the	cag	size	rang	on	normal	and	hd-associ	chromosomes.	most	larg	analys	that	defin	the	limit	of	the	normal	and	patholog	size	rang	employ	pcr	assays,	which	includ	the	cag	repeat	and	a	ccg	repeat	tract	that	wa	thought	to	be	invariant.	mani	of	these	experi	found	an	overlap	between	the	normal	and	diseas	size	ranges.	subsequ	find	that	the	ccg	repeat	vari	by	8	trinucleotid	length	suggest	that	the	limit	of	the	normal	and	diseas	size	rang	should	be	reevalu	with	assay	that	exclud	the	ccg	polymorphism.	sinc	patient	with	between	30	and	40	repeat	are	rare,	a	consortium	wa	assembl	to	collect	such	individuals.	all	178	sampl	were	reanalyz	in	cambridg	by	use	assay	specif	for	the	cag	repeats.	We	have	optim	method	for	reliabl	size	of	cag	repeat	and	show	case	that	demonstr	the	danger	of	use	pcr	assay	that	includ	both	the	cag	and	ccg	polymorphisms.	seven	HD	patient	had	36	repeats,	which	confirm	that	thi	allel	is	associ	with	disease.	individu	without	appar	symptom	or	sign	of	HD	were	found	at	36	repeat	(age	74,	78,	79,	and	87	years),	37	repeat	(age	69	years),	38	repeat	(age	69	and	90	years),	and	39	repeat	(age	67,	90,	and	95	years).	the	detail	case	histori	of	an	except	case	from	thi	seri	will	be	present	a	95-year-old	man	with	39	repeat	who	did	not	have	classic	featur	of	hd.	the	appar	healthi	surviv	into	old	age	of	some	individu	with	36-39	repeat	suggest	that	the	HD	mutat	may	not	alway	be	fulli	penetrant.
8894695	hprt-aprt-defici	mice	are	not	a	model	for	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	complet	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyl-transferas	(hprt)	defici	in	human	result	in	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	which	is	characterized,	among	other	features,	by	compuls	self-injuri	behavior.	hprt-defici	mice	gener	use	mous	embryon	stem	cell	exhibit	none	of	the	behavior	symptom	associ	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	administr	of	drug	that	inhibit	adenin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(aprt)	in	hprt-defici	mice	ha	produc	the	suggest	that	defici	of	aprt	in	combin	with	hprt-defici	in	mice	may	lead	to	self-mutil	behavior	[c.	L.	Wu	and	D.	W.	melton	(1993)	natur	genet.	3,	235-240].	To	test	thi	proposition,	we	bred	hprt-aprt-defici	mice.	although	the	doubly-defici	mice	excret	adenin	and	it	highli	insolubl	derivative,	2,	8-dihydroxyadenine,	which	are	also	associ	with	human	aprt	deficiency,	addit	abnorm	or	ani	self-injuri	behavior	were	not	detected.	thus,	aprt-hprt-defici	mice,	which	are	devoid	of	ani	purin	salvag	pathways,	show	no	novel	phenotyp	and	are	not	a	model	for	the	behavior	abnorm	associ	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	as	previous	suggest
8673132	mice	lack	the	myoton	dystrophi	protein	kinas	develop	a	late	onset	progress	myopathy.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	an	autosom	domin	disord	result	from	the	expans	of	a	ctg	repeat	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	a	put	protein	kinas	(dmpk).	To	elucid	the	role	of	dmpk	in	DM	pathogenesi	we	have	develop	dmpk	defici	(dmpk-/-)	mice.	dmpk-/-mice	develop	a	late-onset,	progress	skelet	myopathi	that	share	some	patholog	featur	with	dm.	muscl	from	matur	mice	show	variat	in	fibr	size,	increas	fibr	degener	and	fibrosis.	adult	dmpk-/-mice	show	ultrastructur	chang	in	muscl	and	a	50%	decreas	in	forc	gener	compar	to	young	mice.	our	result	indic	that	dmpk	may	be	necessari	for	the	mainten	of	skelet	muscl	structur	and	function	and	suggest	that	a	decreas	in	dmpk	level	may	contribut	to	DM	pathology.
8644703	rapid	detect	of	region	cluster	germ-lin	brca1	mutat	by	multiplex	heteroduplex	analysis.	ukcccr	famili	ovarian	cancer	studi	group.	germ-lin	mutat	of	the	brca1	gene	are	respons	for	a	substanti	proport	of	famili	with	multipl	case	of	early-onset	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer.	sinc	the	isol	of	brca1	last	year,	>	65	distinct	mutat	scatter	throughout	the	code	region	have	been	detected,	make	analysi	of	the	gene	time	consum	and	technic	challenging.	We	have	develop	a	multiplex	heteroduplex	analysi	that	is	design	to	analyz	one-quart	of	the	code	sequenc	in	a	single-step	screen	procedur	and	that	will	detect	approxim	50%	of	all	brca1	mutat	so	far	report	in	breast/ovarian	cancer	families.	We	have	use	thi	techniqu	to	analyz	brca1	in	162	famili	with	a	histori	of	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	and	identifi	12	distinct	mutat	in	35	families.
8812423	lpp,	the	prefer	fusion	partner	gene	of	hmgic	in	lipomas,	is	a	novel	member	of	the	lim	protein	gene	family.	A	major	cytogenet	subgroup	of	lipoma	is	character	by	recurr	chromosom	aberrations,	mainli	translocations,	that	involv	chromosom	segment	12q13-q15.	multipl	chromosom	have	been	found	as	the	transloc	partner	of	chromosom	12	but	3q27-q28	is	preferenti	involved.	In	previou	studies,	it	ha	been	shown	that	the	high	mobil	group	(hmg)	protein	gene	hmgic	at	12q15	is	consist	rearrang	as	a	consequ	of	these	translocations.	here,	we	report	the	identif	and	character	of	the	chromosom	3-deriv	transloc	partner	gene,	which	we	have	design	lpp	(lipoma	prefer	partner	gene).	use	3-race	analysi	of	hmgic	fusion	transcript	in	lipoma	cell	line	li-501/sv40,	ectop	genet	sequenc	were	obtained,	which	by	cash	(chromosom	assign	use	somat	cell	hybrids)	and	fish	(fluoresc	in	situ	hybridization)	analysi	were	found	to	origin	from	chromosom	segment	3q27-q28.	In	northern	blot	analysis,	an	mrna	of	over	10	kb	wa	detect	by	these	ectop	sequenc	in	a	varieti	of	human	tissu	but	not	in	brain	and	peripher	blood	leukocytes.	upon	partial	cdna	cloning,	featur	of	the	genet	organ	of	lpp	were	established.	the	gene	wa	found	to	span	a	genom	region	of	over	400	kb.	nucleotid	sequenc	analysi	of	a	composit	cdna	of	lpp	reveal	an	open	read	frame	of	1836	nucleotid	encod	a	proline-rich	protein	contain	a	leucine-zipp	motif	in	it	amino-termin	region	and	three	lim	domain	in	it	carboxy-termin	region.	the	lpp-encod	protein	should	be	classifi	as	a	novel	member	of	the	group	3	protein	of	the	lim	protein	gene	family.	use	revers	transcriptas	combin	with	polymeras	chain	reaction	in	the	analysi	of	a	number	of	lipoma	cell	line	and	primari	lipomas,	it	appear	that	lpp	is	frequent	rearrang	also	in	case	without	a	cytogenet	detect	involv	of	3q27-q28.	two	altern	hmgic/lpp	hybrid	transcript	have	been	detected;	the	differ	between	them	is	mainli	the	presenc	of	either	two	or	three	lim	domain	in	the	predict	hmgi-c/lpp	fusion	proteins.
8833159	exon-intron	structur	of	the	human	neuron	nicotin	acetylcholin	receptor	alpha	4	subunit	(chrna4).	the	human	neuron	nicotin	acetylcholin	receptor	alpha	4	subunit	gene	(chrna4)	is	locat	in	the	candid	region	for	three	differ	phenotyp	benign	famili	neonat	convulsions,	autosom	domin	nocturn	frontal	lobe	epilepsy,	and	low-voltag	eeg.	recently,	a	missens	mutat	in	transmembran	domain	2	of	chrna4	wa	found	to	be	associ	with	autosom	domin	nocturn	frontal	lobe	epilepsi	in	one	extend	pedigree.	We	have	determin	the	genom	organ	of	chrna4,	which	consist	of	six	exon	distribut	over	approxim	17	kb	of	genom	dna.	the	nucleotid	sequenc	obtain	from	the	genom	region	adjac	to	the	exon	boundari	enabl	us	to	develop	a	set	of	primer	pair	for	pcr	amplif	of	the	complet	code	region.	the	sequenc	analysi	provid	the	basi	for	a	comprehens	mutat	screen	of	chrna4	in	the	above-ment	phenotyp	and	possibl	in	other	type	of	idiopath	epilepsies.
8595416	A	novel	homeodomain-encod	gene	is	associ	with	a	larg	cpg	island	interrupt	by	the	myoton	dystrophi	unstabl	(ctg)n	repeat.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	associ	with	a	(ctg)	n	trinucleotid	repeat	expans	in	the	3-untransl	region	of	a	protein	kinase-encod	gene,	dmpk,	which	map	to	chromosom	19q13.	3.	characteris	of	the	express	of	thi	gene	in	patient	tissu	ha	thu	far	gener	conflict	data	on	alter	in	the	steadi	state	level	of	dmpk	mrna,	and	on	the	final	dmpk	protein	level	in	the	presenc	of	the	expansion.	the	DM	region	of	chromosom	19	is	gene	rich,	and	it	is	possibl	that	the	repeat	expans	may	lead	to	dysfunct	of	a	number	of	transcript	unit	in	the	vicinity,	perhap	as	a	consequ	of	chromatin	disruption.	We	have	search	for	gene	associ	with	a	cpg	island	at	the	3	end	of	dmpk.	sequenc	of	thi	region	show	that	the	island	extend	over	3.	5	kb	and	is	interrupt	by	the	(ctg)	n	repeat.	comparison	of	genom	sequenc	downstream	(centromeric)	of	the	repeat	in	human	and	mous	identifi	region	of	signific	homology.	these	correspond	to	exon	of	a	gene	predict	to	encod	a	homeodomain	protein.	rt-pcr	analysi	show	that	thi	gene,	which	we	have	call	DM	locus-associ	homeodomain	protein	(dmahp),	is	express	in	a	number	of	human	tissues,	includ	skelet	muscle,	heart	and	brain
9028321	missens	mutat	in	the	fa	gene	result	in	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrome:	a	molecular	and	immunolog	analysis.	program	cell	death	(or	apoptosis)	is	a	physiolog	process	essenti	to	the	normal	develop	and	homeostat	mainten	of	the	immun	system.	the	fas/apo-1	receptor	play	a	crucial	role	in	the	regul	of	apoptosis,	as	demonstr	by	lymphoprolifer	in	mrl-lpr/lpr	mice	and	by	the	recent	describ	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrom	(alps)	in	humans,	both	of	which	are	due	to	mutat	in	the	fa	gene.	We	describ	a	novel	famili	with	alp	in	which	three	affect	sibl	carri	two	distinct	missens	mutat	on	both	the	fa	gene	allel	and	show	lack	of	fas-induc	apoptosis.	the	children	share	common	clinic	featur	includ	splenomegali	and	lymphadenopathy,	but	onli	one	develop	sever	autoimmun	manifestations.	In	all	three	siblings,	we	demonstr	the	presenc	of	anerg	cd3	+	cd4-cd8-	(doubl	negative,	[dn])	T	cells;	moreover,	a	chronic	lymphocyt	activ	wa	found,	as	demonstr	by	the	presenc	of	high	level	of	hla-dr	express	on	peripher	cd3	+	cell	and	by	the	presenc	of	high	level	of	serum	activ	marker	such	as	solubl	interleukin-2	receptor	(sll-2r)	and	solubl	cd30	(scd30).
9063749	common	brca1	variant	and	suscept	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	in	the	gener	population.	most	multipl	case	famili	of	young	onset	breast	cancer	and	ovarian	cancer	are	thought	to	be	due	to	highli	penetr	mutat	in	the	predispos	gene	brca1	and	brca2.	however,	these	mutat	are	uncommon	in	the	popul	and	they	probabl	account	for	onli	a	few	percent	of	all	breast	cancer	incidence.	A	much	larger	fraction	of	breast	cancer	might,	in	principle,	be	due	to	common	variant	which	confer	more	modest	individu	risks.	there	are	sever	common	polymorph	in	the	brca1	gene	which	gener	amino	acid	substitutions.	We	have	examin	the	frequenc	of	four	of	these	polymorph	gln356arg,	pro871leu,	glu1038gli	and	ser1613gli	in	larg	seri	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	case	and	match	controls.	due	to	strong	linkag	disequilibrium,	these	four	site	gener	onli	three	haplotyp	with	a	frequenc	>	1.	3%.	the	most	common	haplotypes,	defin	by	the	allel	gln356pro871glu1038ser1613	and	gln356leu871gly1038gly1613,	have	frequenc	of	0.	57	and	0.	32	respectively,	and	these	frequenc	do	not	differ	significantli	between	patient	and	control	groups.	thu	the	most	common	polymorph	of	the	brca1	gene	do	not	make	a	signific	contribut	to	breast	or	ovarian	cancer	risk.	however,	our	data	suggest	that	the	arg356	allel	may	have	a	differ	genotyp	distribut	in	breast	cancer	patient	from	that	in	control	(arg356	homozygot	are	more	frequent	in	the	control	groups,	P	=	0.	01),	indic	that	it	may	be	protect	against	breast	cancer.	If	thi	find	can	be	confirmed,	it	may	provid	an	insight	into	the	structur	featur	of	the	brca1	protein	that	are	import	for	it	function
8758207	mutat	of	the	vhl	gene	is	associ	exclus	with	the	develop	of	non-papillari	renal	cell	carcinomas.	To	defin	the	possibl	role	of	the	vhl	gene	in	the	develop	of	sporad	renal	cell	carcinomas,	91	differ	parenchym	tumour	of	the	kidney	have	been	investig	for	mutat	of	the	vhl	gene	by	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	and/or	heteroduplex	(hd)	techniques.	chromosom	3p	delet	wa	detect	in	98	per	cent	of	non-papillari	renal	cell	carcinoma	and	in	25	per	cent	of	chromophob	renal	cell	carcinomas.	In	22	of	the	43	non-papillari	renal	cell	carcinomas,	abnorm	migrat	dna	band	were	detect	by	sscp	and/or	HD	analysis.	No	mobil	shift	wa	seen	in	ani	of	the	23	chromophob	renal	cell	carcinomas.	In	addition,	15	papillari	renal	cell	tumour	and	ten	renal	oncocytomas,	which	are	character	by	genet	chang	other	than	loss	of	chromosom	3p	sequences,	were	analys	for	mutat	of	the	vhl	gene.	none	of	these	tumour	show	abnorm	migrat	patterns.	the	result	indic	that	mutat	of	the	vhl	gene	is	associ	exclus	with	the	develop	of	non-papillari	renal	cell	carcinoma.
8786135	compar	genom	map	of	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	region	in	mouse,	rat,	and	syrian	hamster.	chromosom	locat	of	the	atm	(ataxia-telangiectasia	(at)	-mutated)	and	acat1	(mitochondri	acetoacetyl-coa	thiolase)	gene	in	mouse,	rat,	and	syrian	hamster	were	determin	by	direct	r-band	fish.	both	gene	were	coloc	to	the	c-d	band	of	mous	chromosom	9,	the	proxim	end	of	q24.	1	of	rat	chromosom	8,	and	qa4-qa5	of	syrian	hamster	chromosom	12.	the	region	in	the	mous	and	rat	were	homolog	to	human	chromosom	11q.	fine	genet	linkag	map	of	the	mous	AT	region	wa	perform	use	the	interspecif	backcross	mice.	atm,	acat1,	and	npat,	which	is	a	new	gene	isol	from	the	AT	region,	and	12	flank	microsatellit	dna	marker	were	examined.	No	recombin	were	found	among	the	atm,	npat,	acat1,	and	d9mit6	loci,	and	these	loci	were	map	2.	0	cM	distal	to	d9mit99	and	1.	3	cM	proxim	to	d9mit102.	comparison	of	the	linkag	map	of	mous	chromosom	9	(mmu9)	and	that	of	human	chromosom	11	(hsa11)	indic	that	there	is	a	chromosom	rearrang	due	to	an	invers	between	ets1	and	atm-npat-acat1	and	that	the	invers	of	mmu9	origin	from	the	chromosom	breakag	at	the	boundari	between	gria4	and	atm-npat-acat1	on	hsa11.	thi	type	of	invers	appear	to	be	conserv	in	the	three	rodent	species,	mouse,	rat,	and	syrian	hamster,	use	addit	compar	map	data	with	the	rck	gen
8637912	tumor	suppress	and	apoptosi	of	human	prostat	carcinoma	mediat	by	a	genet	locu	within	human	chromosom	10pter-q11.	prostat	cancer	is	the	second	lead	caus	of	male	cancer	death	in	the	unit	states.	yet,	despit	a	larg	intern	effort,	littl	is	known	about	the	molecular	mechan	that	underli	thi	devast	disease.	prostat	secretori	epitheli	cell	and	androgen-depend	prostat	carcinoma	undergo	apoptosi	in	respons	to	androgen	depriv	and,	furthermore,	most	prostat	carcinoma	becom	androgen	independ	and	refractori	to	further	therapeut	manipul	dure	diseas	progression.	definit	of	the	genet	event	that	trigger	apoptosi	in	the	prostat	could	provid	import	insight	into	critic	pathway	in	normal	develop	as	well	as	elucid	the	perturb	of	those	key	pathway	in	neoplast	transformation.	We	report	the	function	definit	of	a	novel	genet	locu	within	human	chromosom	10pter-q11	that	mediat	both	in	vivo	tumor	suppress	and	in	vitro	apoptosi	of	prostat	adenocarcinoma	cells.	A	defin	fragment	of	human	chromosom	10	wa	transfer	via	microcel	fusion	into	a	prostat	adenocarcinoma	cell	line.	microcel	hybrid	contain	onli	the	region	10pter-q11	were	suppress	for	tumorigen	follow	inject	of	microcel	hybrid	into	nude	mice.	furthermore,	the	complement	hybrid	undergo	program	cell	death	in	vitro	via	a	mechan	that	doe	not	requir	nuclear	local	of	p53.	these	data	function	defin	a	novel	genet	locus,	design	pac1,	for	prostat	adenocarcinoma	1,	involv	in	tumor	suppress	of	human	prostat	carcinoma	and	furthermor	strongli	suggest	that	the	cell	death	pathway	can	be	function	restor	in	prostat	adenocarcinoma.
8931695	phenotyp	and	genotyp	overlap	between	atelosteogenesi	type	2	and	diastroph	dysplasia.	mutat	in	the	diastroph	dysplasia	sulfat	transport	gene	dtdst	have	been	associ	with	a	famili	of	chondrodysplasia	that	comprises,	in	order	of	increas	severity,	diastroph	dysplasia	(dtd),	atelosteogenesi	type	2	(ao2),	and	achondrogenesi	type	1B	(acg1b).	To	learn	more	about	the	molecular	basi	of	dtdst	chondrodysplasia	and	about	genotype-phenotyp	correlations,	we	studi	fibroblast	cultur	of	three	new	patient	one	with	ao-2,	one	with	dtd,	and	one	with	an	intermedi	phenotyp	(ao2/dtd).	reduc	incorpor	of	inorgan	sulfat	into	macromolecul	wa	found	in	all	three.	each	of	the	three	patient	wa	found	to	be	heterozyg	for	a	c862t	transit	predict	a	r279w	substitut	in	the	third	extracellular	loop	of	dtdst.	In	two	patient	(dtd	and	ao2/dtd),	no	other	structur	mutat	wa	found,	but	polymeras	chain	reaction	amplif	and	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	of	fibroblast	cdna	show	reduc	mrna	level	of	the	wild-typ	dtdst	allel	these	two	patient	may	be	compound	heterozygot	for	the	"	finnish	"	mutat	(a	yet	uncharacter	at	the	dna	level),	which	caus	reduc	express	of	dtdst.	the	third	patient	(with	ao2)	had	the	r279w	mutat	compound	with	a	novel	mutation,	the	delet	of	cytosin	418	(delta	c418),	predict	a	frameshift	with	prematur	termination.	also	the	delta	c418	allel	wa	underrepres	in	the	cdna,	in	accord	with	previou	observ	that	prematur	stop	codon	reduc	mrna	levels.	the	presenc	of	the	dtdst	r279w	mutat	in	a	total	of	11	patient	with	ao2	or	dtd	emphas	the	overlap	between	these	conditions.	thi	mutat	ha	not	been	found	so	far	in	8	analyz	acg1b	patients,	suggest	that	it	allow	some	residu	activ	of	the	sulfat	transporter.
9069115	clone	of	the	homogentis	1,2-dioxygenas	gene,	the	key	enzym	of	alkaptonuria	in	mouse.	We	determin	48	amino	acid	residu	from	five	peptid	from	the	homogen	monom	of	homogentis	1,	2-dioxygenas	(hgo;	E.	C.	1.	13.	11.	15)	of	mous	liver.	after	digest	with	trypsin,	peptid	were	separ	by	revers	phase	chromatographi	and	amino	acid	sequenced.	the	deduc	codon	sequenc	of	three	peptid	wa	use	to	deriv	degener	oligomeres.	By	combin	these	oligos,	we	were	abl	to	amplifi	fragment	from	100	to	300	base	(b)	from	mous	liver	cdna	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	after	revers	transcript	(rt-pcr).	A	fragment	of	200	b	wa	clone	and	use	as	a	probe	to	screen	a	mous	liver	cdna	library.	one	clone	from	thi	librari	contain	the	complet	cdna-insert	for	hgo	as	determin	by	sequencing.	the	cdna	encod	for	a	protein	of	50	kda,	as	predicted.	the	cdna	of	mous	hgo	ha	an	overal	ident	of	41%	to	the	correspond	gene	hmga	from	aspergillus.	sequenc	similar	to	human	express	sequenc	tag	(est)	clone	rang	from	70%	to	20%.	the	posit	of	122	conserv	amino	acid	could	be	determin	by	multipl	sequenc	alignment.	We	identifi	one	first	intron	of	928	b	in	the	mous	gene.	the	gene	for	hgo	seem	to	be	express	in	variou	tissues,	as	shown	by	rt-pcr	on	differ	cdnas.	fish	experi	with	the	whole	murin	cdna	as	probe	clearli	reveal	signal	at	the	human	chromosom	band	3q13.	3-q21.	thi	correspond	well	to	the	previou	assign	of	the	locu	for	the	human	alkaptonuria	gene	(aku)	to	the	same	chromosom	region	by	multipoint	linkag	analysis.	We	therefor	conclud	that	the	hgo	cdna	encod	the	gene	respons	for	alkaptonuria
8673131	abnorm	myoton	dystrophi	protein	kinas	level	produc	onli	mild	myopathi	in	mice.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	commonli	associ	with	ctg	repeat	expans	within	the	gene	for	dm-protein	kinas	(dmpk).	the	effect	of	alter	express	level	of	dmpk,	which	is	ubiquit	express	in	all	muscl	cell	lineag	dure	development,	wa	examin	by	disrupt	the	endogen	dmpk	gene	and	overexpress	a	normal	human	dmpk	transgen	in	mice.	nullizyg	(-/-)	mice	show	onli	inconsist	and	minor	size	chang	in	head	and	neck	muscl	fibr	at	older	age,	anim	with	the	highest	dmpk	transgen	express	show	hypertroph	cardiomyopathi	and	enhanc	neonat	mortality.	however,	both	model	lack	other	frequent	DM	symptom	includ	the	fibre-typ	depend	atrophy,	myotonia,	cataract	and	male-infertility.	these	result	strengthen	the	content	that	simpl	loss-	or	gain-of-express	of	dmpk	is	not	the	onli	crucial	requir	for	develop	of	the	disease.
8871666	molecular	base	of	combin	subtot	defici	of	C6	and	c7:	their	effect	in	combin	with	other	C6	and	C7	deficiencies.	combin	subtot	defici	of	C6	and	c7,	in	which	both	protein	are	express	at	veri	low	levels,	ha	been	observ	in	homozyg	form	in	two	families.	A	defect	at	the	5	splice	donor	site	of	intron	15	of	the	C6	gene	explain	the	low	molecular	weight	of	the	C6	protein	and	is	probabl	respons	for	it	low	express	concentration.	the	C7	defect	is	more	enigmat	the	protein	is	of	normal	molecular	weight,	low	circul	concentration,	and	alter	isoelectr	point.	An	arg	>	ser	codon	substitut	in	exon	11	is	the	onli	molecular	alter	within	the	matur	C7	protein.	these	defect	are	associ	with	a	characterist	set	of	polymorph	dna	marker	in	the	c6/c7	region,	form	a	distinct	haplotype.	the	haplotyp	ha	been	found	in	combin	with	a	number	of	other	haplotyp	contain	defect	gene	that	lead	either	to	C6	or	C7	deficiency,	but	with	differ	consequences.	where	it	is	combin	with	a	c6-defici	gene,	the	serum	C7	level	can	be	surprisingli	high,	possibl	becaus	there	is	no	C6	gener	c56	to	consum	the	c7.	In	contrast,	where	the	C7	gene	are	both	defect	(but	still	partial	functional),	there	may	be	a	profound	deficit	of	circul	C7	becaus	there	is	ampl	C6	to	produc	c56	and	consum	the	alreadi	small	amount	of	c7.	each	molecular	defect	ha	also	been	found	in	isol	and	ha	the	expect	effect.
9245987	constitut	methyl	cpg	dinucleotid	as	mutat	hot	spot	in	the	retinoblastoma	gene	(rb1).	A	wide	spectrum	of	mutations,	rang	from	point	mutat	to	larg	deletions,	have	been	describ	in	the	retinoblastoma	gene	(rb1).	mutat	have	been	found	throughout	the	gene;	however,	these	genet	alter	do	not	appear	to	be	homogen	distributed.	In	particular,	a	signific	proport	of	disease-caus	mutat	result	in	the	prematur	termin	of	protein	synthesis,	and	the	major	of	these	mutat	occur	as	c--	>	T	transit	at	cpg	dinucleotid	(cpgs).	such	recurr	cpg	mutations,	includ	those	found	in	rb1,	are	like	the	result	of	the	deamin	of	5-methylcytosin	within	these	cpgs.	In	the	present	study,	we	use	the	sodiumbisulfit	convers	method	to	detect	cytosin	methyl	in	repres	exon	of	rb1.	We	analyz	dna	from	a	varieti	of	tissu	and	specif	target	cga	codon	in	rb1,	where	recurr	prematur	termin	mutat	have	been	reported.	We	found	that	dna	methyl	within	rb1	exon	8,	14,	25,	and	27	appear	to	be	restrict	to	cpgs,	includ	six	cga	codons.	other	codon	contain	methyl	cytosin	have	not	been	report	to	be	mutated.	therefore,	disease-caus	mutat	at	cpg	in	rb1	appear	to	be	determin	by	sever	factors,	includ	the	constitut	presenc	of	dna	methyl	at	cytosin	within	cpgs,	the	specif	codon	within	which	the	methyl	cytosin	is	located,	and	the	particular	region	of	the	gene	within	which	that	codon	resides.
9019400	the	tsg101	tumor	suscept	gene	is	locat	in	chromosom	11	band	p15	and	is	mutat	in	human	breast	cancer.	recent	work	ha	identifi	a	mous	gene	(tsg101)	whose	inactiv	in	fibroblast	result	in	cellular	transform	and	the	abil	to	produc	metastat	tumor	in	nude	mice.	here,	we	report	that	the	human	homolog,	tsg101,	which	we	isol	and	map	to	chromosom	11,	band	15.	1-15	1-15.	2,	a	region	propos	to	contain	tumor	suppressor	gene	(s),	is	mutat	at	high	frequenc	in	human	breast	cancer.	In	7	of	15	uncultur	primari	human	breast	carcinomas,	intragen	delet	were	shown	in	tsg101	genom	dna	and	transcript	by	gel	and	sequenc	analysis,	and	mutat	affect	two	tsg101	allel	were	identifi	in	four	of	these	cancers.	No	tsg101	defect	were	found	in	match	normal	breast	tissu	from	the	breast	cancer	patients.	these	find	strongli	implic	tsg101	mutat	in	human	breast	canc
8776595	the	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	protein,	emerin,	is	a	nuclear	membran	protein.	A	larg	fragment	of	emerin	cdna	wa	prepar	by	pcr	and	express	as	a	recombin	protein	in	escherichia	coli.	use	thi	as	immunogen,	we	prepar	a	panel	of	12	monoclon	antibodi	which	recognis	at	least	four	differ	epitop	on	emerin	in	order	to	ensur	that	emerin	can	be	distinguish	from	non-specif	cross-react	proteins.	all	the	mab	recognis	a	34	kda	protein	in	all	tissu	tested,	though	minor	emerin-rel	band	were	also	detect	in	some	tissues.	immunofluoresc	microscopi	show	that	emerin	is	locat	at	the	nuclear	rim	in	all	tissu	examined.	A	muscl	biopsi	from	an	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(emdm)	patient	show	complet	absenc	of	emerin	by	both	western	blot	and	immunohistochemistry,	suggest	a	simpl	diagnost	antibodi	test	for	edmd	families.	biochem	fraction	of	brain	and	liver	tissu	show	that	emerin	wa	present	in	nuclei	purifi	by	centrifug	through	65%	sucros	and	wa	absent	from	solubl	fraction	(post-100,	000	g).	from	these	results,	togeth	with	sequenc	and	structur	homolog	between	emerin,	thymopoietin	and	the	nuclear	lamina-associ	protein,	lap2,	we	suggest	that	emerin	will	prove	to	be	one	member	of	a	famili	of	inner	nuclear	membran	proteins.
8689689	influenc	of	pax6	gene	dosag	on	development:	overexpress	caus	sever	eye	abnormalities.	aniridia	in	man	and	small	eye	in	mice	are	semidomin	development	disord	caus	by	mutat	within	the	pair	box	gene	pax6.	wherea	heterozygot	suffer	from	iri	hypoplasia,	homozyg	mice	lack	eye	and	nasal	caviti	and	exhibit	brain	abnormalities.	To	investig	the	role	of	gene	dosag	in	more	detail,	we	have	gener	yeast	artifici	chromosom	transgen	mice	carri	the	human	pax6	locus.	when	cross	onto	the	small	eye	background,	the	transgen	rescu	the	mutant	phenotype.	strikingly,	mice	carri	multipl	copi	on	a	wild-typ	background	show	specif	development	abnorm	of	the	eye,	but	not	of	other	tissu	express	the	gene.	thus,	at	least	five	differ	eye	phenotyp	are	associ	with	chang	in	pax6	expression.	We	provid	evid	that	not	onli	reduced,	but	also	increas	level	of	transcript	regul	can	caus	development	defects.
8644702	found	brca1	mutat	in	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	in	southern	sweden.	nine	differ	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	brca1	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene	were	identifi	in	15	of	47	kindr	from	southern	sweden,	by	use	of	sscp	and	heteroduplex	analysi	of	all	exon	and	flank	intron	region	and	by	a	protein-trunc	test	for	exon	11,	follow	by	direct	sequencing.	all	but	one	of	the	mutat	are	predict	to	give	rise	to	prematur	translat	termin	and	includ	seven	frameshift	insert	or	deletions,	a	nonsens	mutation,	and	a	splice	acceptor	site	mutation.	the	remain	mutat	is	a	missens	mutat	(cys61gly)	in	the	zinc-bind	motif.	four	novel	swedish	found	mutat	were	identifi	the	nucleotid	2595	delet	A	wa	found	in	five	families,	the	C	1806	T	nonsens	mutat	in	three	families,	the	3166	insert	tgaga	in	three	families,	and	the	nucleotid	1201	delet	11	in	two	families.	analysi	of	the	intragen	polymorph	d17s855	support	common	origin	of	the	mutations.	eleven	of	the	15	kindr	manifest	brca1	mutat	were	breast-ovarian	cancer	families,	sever	of	them	with	a	predomin	ovarian	cancer	phenotype.	the	set	of	32	famili	in	which	no	brca1	alter	were	detect	includ	1	breast-ovarian	cancer	kindr	manifest	clear	linkag	to	the	brca1	region	and	loss	of	the	wild-typ	chromosom	in	associ	tumors.	other	tumor	type	found	in	brca1	mutation/haplotyp	carrier	includ	prostatic,	pancreas,	skin,	and	lung	cancer,	a	malign	melanoma,	an	oligodendroglioma,	and	a	carcinosarcoma.	In	all,	12	of	16	kindr	manifest	brca1	mutat	or	linkag	contain	ovarian	cancer,	as	compar	with	onli	6	of	the	remain	31	famili	(P	<.	001).	the	present	studi	confirm	the	involv	of	brca1	in	diseas	predisposit	for	a	subset	of	hereditari	breast	cancer	famili	often	character	by	ovarian	cancer
8929264	the	dcc	protein	and	prognosi	in	colorect	cancer.	background	allel	loss	of	chromosom	18q	predict	a	poor	outcom	in	patient	with	stage	II	colorect	cancer.	although	the	specif	gene	inactiv	by	thi	allel	loss	ha	not	been	elucidated,	the	dcc	(delet	in	colorect	cancer)	gene	is	a	candidate.	We	investig	whether	the	express	of	the	dcc	protein	in	tumor	cell	is	a	prognost	marker	in	colorect	carcinoma.	method	the	express	of	dcc	wa	evalu	immunohistochem	in	132	paraffin-embed	sampl	from	patient	with	cur	resect	stage	II	and	iii	colorect	carcinomas.	the	cox	proportional-hazard	model	wa	use	to	adjust	for	covari	includ	age,	sex,	tumor	site,	degre	of	tumor	differentiation,	and	use	of	adjuv	therapy.	result	the	express	of	dcc	wa	a	strong	posit	predict	factor	for	surviv	in	both	stage	II	and	stage	iii	colorect	carcinomas.	In	patient	with	stage	II	diseas	whose	tumor	express	dcc,	the	five-year	surviv	rate	wa	94.	3	percent,	wherea	in	patient	with	dcc-neg	tumors,	the	surviv	rate	wa	61.	6	percent	(P	<	0.	001).	In	patient	with	stage	iii	disease,	the	respect	surviv	rate	were	59.	3	percent	and	33.	2	percent	(P	=	0.	03).	conclus	dcc	is	a	prognost	marker	in	patient	with	stage	II	or	stage	iii	colorect	cancer.	In	stage	II	colorect	carcinomas,	the	absenc	of	dcc	identifi	a	subgroup	of	patient	with	lesion	that	behav	like	stage	iii	cancers.	these	find	may	thu	have	therapeut	implic	in	thi	group	of	patient
8828602	gene	therapi	for	phenylketonuria.	classic	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	caus	by	a	defici	of	hepat	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	limit	of	the	current	dietari	treatment	for	pku	have	led	to	the	develop	of	potenti	treatment	base	on	somat	gene	transfer.	three	differ	vector	system	have	been	examined.	vector	deriv	from	a	recombin	retroviru	or	a	dna/protein	complex	can	effici	transduc	the	pah	cdna	into	pah-defici	hepatocyt	in	vitro,	but	the	applic	of	these	vector	system	is	present	limit	by	their	low	transduct	effici	in	vivo.	In	contrast,	a	vector	deriv	from	a	recombin	adenoviru	can	restor	10%	-80%	of	normal	hepat	pah	activ	into	pah-defici	mice,	which	complet	normal	serum	phenylalanin	levels.	thi	treatment	is	transient	and	cannot	be	effect	re-administ	due	to	the	presenc	of	neutral	antibodi	direct	against	the	recombin	adenovir	vector.	however,	these	find	suggest	that	pku	can	be	complet	correct	by	somat	gene	therapy,	and	provid	some	direct	for	the	futur	develop	of	adenovir	vectors.
8944023	identif	of	a	ring	protein	that	can	interact	in	vivo	with	the	brca1	gene	product.	the	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	gene,	brca1,	encod	a	larg	polypeptid	that	contain	the	cysteine-rich	ring	motif,	a	zinc-bind	domain	found	in	a	varieti	of	regulatori	proteins.	here	we	describ	a	novel	protein	that	interact	in	vivo	with	the	n-termin	region	of	brca1.	thi	brca1-associ	ring	domain	(bard1)	protein	contain	an	n-termin	ring	motif,	three	tandem	ankyrin	repeats,	and	a	c-termin	sequenc	with	signific	homolog	to	the	phylogenet	conserv	brct	domain	that	lie	near	the	C	terminu	of	brca1.	the	bard1/brca1	interact	is	disrupt	by	brca1	missens	mutat	that	segreg	with	breast	cancer	susceptibility,	indic	that	bard1	may	be	involv	in	mediat	tumour	suppress	by	brca1.
8682510	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome:	no	strict	genotype-phenotyp	correl	but	cluster	of	missens	mutat	in	the	amino-termin	part	of	the	wasp	gene	product.	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein	(wasp)	gene	wa	found	to	be	mutat	in	patient	present	with	wa	and	in	patient	show	x-link	thrombocytopenia.	mutat	analysi	in	19	famili	of	german,	swiss	and	turkish	descent	by	single-strand	conform	polymorph	and	sequenc	result	in	the	detect	of	seven	novel	and	10	known	mutations.	A	strike	cluster	of	missens	mutat	in	the	first	four	exon	contrast	with	a	random	distribut	of	nonsens	mutations.	more	than	85%	of	all	known	missens	mutat	were	local	in	the	amino-termin	stretch	of	the	wasp	gene	product;	thi	region	contain	a	mutat	hot	spot	at	codon	86.	No	genotype-phenotyp	correl	emerg	after	a	comparison	of	the	identifi	mutat	with	the	result	clinic	pictur	for	a	classic	wa	phenotype.	A	substitut	at	codon	86	result	in	an	extrem	variabl	express	of	the	diseas	in	a	larg	swiss	family.	An	extend	homolog	search	reveal	a	distant	relationship	of	thi	stretch	to	the	vasodilator-stimul	phosphoprotein	(vasp),	which	is	involv	in	the	mainten	of	cyto-architectur	by	interact	with	actin-lik	filaments.
8954016	autosom	domin	primari	hyperparathyroid	and	jaw	tumor	syndrom	associ	with	renal	hamartoma	and	cystic	kidney	disease:	linkag	to	1q21-q32	and	loss	of	the	wild	type	allel	in	renal	hamartomas.	hereditari	hyperparathyroidism-jaw	tumor	syndrom	(hpt-jt)	is	an	autosom	domin	diseas	(omim	145001)	that	ha	recent	been	map	to	chromosom	region	1q21-q32	(hrpt2).	here	we	report	two	famili	with	hpt-jt	syndrom	in	which	adult	renal	hamartoma	or	cystic	kidney	diseas	were	promin	associ	features,	possibl	repres	a	new	phenotyp	variant	of	the	hpt-jt	syndrome.	In	the	first	family,	renal	lesion	were	present	in	five	out	of	six	affect	individuals,	wherea	hpt	and	JT	were	seen	in	four	and	two	cases,	respectively.	In	the	second	family,	JT	wa	found	in	three	of	the	five	affect	individu	and	two	affect	member	also	exhibit	polycyst	kidney	disease.	the	possibl	of	the	latter	cosegreg	as	a	separ	autosom	domin	gene	can	not	be	rule	out.	A	sex-depend	penetr	of	primari	hpt,	result	in	predominantli	male-affect	case	wa	evid	in	the	two	families.	twenti	microsatellit	marker	in	the	hrpt2	region	were	typed,	in	addit	to	marker	in	the	multipl	endocrin	neoplasia	(men)	type	1	and	2	region	at	11q13	and	10q11.	the	diseas	in	these	two	kindr	wa	link	to	five	marker	in	the	1q21-q32	region	(logarithm-of-odd	score	3.	2-4	2-4.	2),	wherea	linkag	to	the	men1	and	men2	region	wa	excluded.	meiotic	recombin	detect	in	affect	individu	place	the	locu	telomer	of	d1s215,	thu	narrow	the	hrpt2	region	from	>	60	to	approxim	34	centimorgans.	loss	of	heterozygos	wa	studi	in	seven	renal	hamartoma	from	two	affect	individu	in	the	first	family,	as	well	as	in	a	jaw	tumor	and	a	parathyroid	tumor	from	the	second	family.	all	renal	hamartoma	show	loss	of	heterozygos	at	the	1q21-q32	region.	the	loss	invari	involv	the	wild	type	allel	deriv	from	the	unaffect	parent,	suggest	the	inactiv	of	a	tumor	suppressor	gene	in	thi	regio
8692963	heterodim	format	and	activ	in	the	human	enzym	galactose-1-phosph	uridylyltransferase.	one	of	the	fundament	question	concern	express	and	function	of	dimer	enzym	involv	the	impact	of	natur	occur	mutat	on	subunit	assembl	and	heterodim	activity.	thi	question	is	of	particular	interest	for	the	human	enzym	galactose-l-phosph	uridylyl-transferas	(galt),	impair	of	which	result	in	the	inherit	metabol	disord	galactosemia,	becaus	mani	if	not	most	patient	studi	to	date	are	compound	heterozygot	rather	than	true	molecular	homozygotes.	furthermore,	the	broad	rang	of	phenotyp	sever	observ	in	these	patient	rais	the	possibl	that	allel	combination,	not	just	allel	constitution,	may	play	some	role	in	determin	outcome.	In	the	work	describ	herein,	we	have	select	two	distinct	natur	occur	null	mutat	of	galt,	q188r	and	r333w,	and	ask	the	question	(i)	what	are	the	impact	of	these	mutat	on	subunit	assembly,	and	(ii)	if	heterodim	do	form,	are	they	activ	?	To	answer	these	questions,	we	have	establish	a	yeast	system	for	the	coexpress	of	epitope-tag	allel	of	human	galt	and	investig	both	the	extent	of	specif	galt	subunit	interact	and	the	activ	of	defin	heterodim	pools.	We	have	found	that	both	homodim	and	heterodim	do	form	involv	each	of	the	mutant	subunit	test	and	that	both	heterodim	pool	retain	substanti	enzymat	activity.	these	result	are	signific	not	onli	in	term	of	their	implic	for	further	our	understand	of	galactosemia	and	galt	holoenzym	structure-funct	relationship	but	also	becaus	the	system	describ	may	serv	as	a	model	for	similar	studi	of	other	complex	compos	of	multipl	subunits.
8968716	brca1	r841w:	a	strong	candid	for	a	common	mutat	with	moder	phenotype.	brca1	mutat	caus	increas	risk	for	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	frequent	of	earli	onset.	mani	differ	mutat	occur	in	brca1,	includ	sever	exampl	of	recurr	mutations,	each	of	which	account	for	a	signific	number	of	famili	with	herit	cancer	predisposition.	these	common	mutat	have	an	etiolog	role	in	mani	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	case	and	provid	the	opportun	to	examin	genotype-phenotyp	correl	and	genotype-environ	interact	in	individu	with	the	ident	brca1	lesion.	We	report	a	novel	missens	chang	in	brca1,	2640	c--	>	T	(r841w),	found	in	3	case	from	a	subject	group	of	305	breast	and	79	ovarian	cancer	case	from	orang	county,	ca.	these	are	consecutive,	population-bas	case	not	select	for	age	or	famili	history.	In	all	three	cases,	there	is	a	strong	famili	histori	of	breast,	ovarian,	or	other	cancer	possibl	relat	to	a	brca1	defect	and	famili	member	show	a	high	concord	of	cancer	incid	with	the	presenc	of	r841w.	the	age	of	cancer	onset	wa	not	alway	distinct	from	typic	sporad	cases.	test	of	a	sampl	of	413	unrel	individu	to	examin	the	hypothesi	that	r841w	might	be	a	rare	polymorph	detect	one	addit	instanc	in	a	woman	with	breast	cancer	diagnos	at	age	77	years,	and	cancer	in	one	parent.	r841w	is	like	to	be	an	etiolog	signific	lesion	with	involv	in	close	to	1%	(95%	confid	interv	of	0-1.	7%)	of	all	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	in	thi	popul
8956035	independ	origin	of	singl	and	doubl	mutat	in	the	human	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	gene.	the	vast	major	of	both	polymorph	and	sporad	g6pd	variant	are	due	to	singl	missens	mutations.	In	the	four	polymorph	variant	that	have	two	point	mutations,	one	of	the	mutat	is	alway	376	a--	>	G	(126	asn--	>	asp),	which	on	it	own	give	rise	to	the	nondefici	polymorph	variant,	g6pd	A.	In	a	studi	of	g6pd	defici	patient	who	present	with	clinic	favism	in	spain,	we	have	found	a	new	polymorph	variant	that	we	have	call	g6pd	malaga,	whose	onli	abnorm	is	a	542	a--	>	T	(181	asp--	>	val)	mutation.	thi	is	the	same	mutat	as	previous	found	in	associ	with	the	mutat	of	g6pd	A	in	the	doubl	mutant,	g6pd	santamaria.	g6pd	malaga	is	associ	with	enzym	defici	(class	iii),	and	the	enzym	properti	of	g6pd	malaga	and	g6pd	santamaria	are	quit	similar,	indic	that	in	thi	case	the	effect	of	the	two	mutat	are	addit	rather	than	synergistic.	g6pd	santamaria	might	have	been	produc	by	recombin	between	g6pd	A	and	g6pd	malaga;	howev	haplotyp	analysis,	includ	the	use	of	a	new	silent	polymorphism,	suggest	that	the	same	542	a--	>	T	mutat	ha	taken	place	independ	in	a	g6pd	B	gene	to	give	g6pd	malaga	and	in	a	g6pd	A	gene	to	give	g6pd	santamaria.	these	find	help	to	outlin	the	relationship	and	evolut	of	mutat	in	the	human	g6pd	locus.
8825052	fish	studi	in	a	patient	with	sporad	aniridia	and	t(7;11)	(q31.2;p13).	A	2	year	old	femal	present	with	bilater	sporad	aniridia	wa	found	to	have	an	appar	balanc	reciproc	transloc	with	a	chromosom	11	breakpoint	within	band	p13.	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridis	(fish)	studi	with	distal	11p13	specif	cosmid	show	that	the	chromosom	11	breakpoint	lay	between	the	aniridia	(pax6)	locu	and	a	region	approxim	100	kb	distal	to	pax6	defin	by	the	cosmid	fo2121.	although	thi	patient	did	not	have	a	detect	delet	within	pax6,	her	aniridia	may	have	result	from	a	disrupt	of	the	distal	chromatin	domain	contain	either	enhanc	or	regul	for	pax6.	thi	case	may	therefor	be	anoth	exampl	of	aniridia	caus	by	a	posit	effect	as	recent	describ	in	two	famili	aniridia	patient	in	which	the	phenotyp	cosegreg	with	chromosom	abnorm	with	11p13	breakpoints.
8589723	ovarian	cancer	risk	in	brca1	carrier	is	modifi	by	the	hras1	variabl	number	of	tandem	repeat	(vntr)	locus.	women	who	carri	a	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene	(on	chromosom	17q21),	have	an	80%	risk	of	breast	cancer	and	a	40%	risk	of	ovarian	cancer	by	the	age	of	70	(ref.	1).	the	variabl	penetr	of	brca1	suggest	that	other	genet	and	non-genet	factor	play	a	role	in	tumourigenesi	in	these	individuals.	the	hras1	variabl	number	of	tandem	repeat	(vntr)	polymorphism,	locat	1	kilobas	(kb)	downstream	of	the	hras1	proto-oncogen	(chromosom	11p15.	5)	is	one	possibl	genet	modifi	of	cancer	penetrance.	individu	who	have	rare	allel	of	the	vntr	have	an	increas	risk	of	certain	type	of	cancers,	includ	breast	cancer	(2-4).	To	investig	whether	the	presenc	of	rare	hras1	allel	increas	suscept	to	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	we	have	type	a	panel	of	307	femal	brca1	carrier	at	thi	locu	use	a	pcr-base	technique.	the	risk	for	ovarian	cancer	wa	2.	11	time	greater	for	brca1	carrier	harbour	one	or	two	rare	hras1	alleles,	compar	to	carrier	with	onli	common	allel	(P	=	0.	015).	the	magnitud	of	the	rel	risk	associ	with	a	rare	hras1	allel	wa	not	alter	by	adjust	for	the	other	known	risk	factor	for	hereditari	ovarian	cancer	(5).	suscept	to	breast	cancer	did	not	appear	to	be	affect	by	the	presenc	of	rare	hras1	alleles.	thi	studi	is	the	first	to	show	the	effect	of	a	modifi	gene	on	the	penetr	of	an	inherit	cancer	syndrom
8649785	A	previous	undescrib	mutat	within	the	tetrameris	domain	of	tp53	in	a	famili	with	li-fraumeni	syndrome.	We	report	detail	of	a	famili	with	classic	li-fraumeni	syndrom	in	which	there	is	a	mutat	in	codon	344	of	the	tumour	suppressor	gene	tp53.	codon	344	is	a	key	residu	within	the	tetrameris	domain,	and	the	amino	acid	substitut	of	a	prolin	for	a	leucin	is	predict	to	have	profound	implic	for	tetrameris	and	potenti	dna	binding.	thi	is	the	first	report	of	a	mutat	at	thi	residu	in	either	sporad	tumour	or	in	the	germlin	and	the	first	report	of	a	germlin	mutat	within	the	tetrameris	domain.	the	famili	doe	not	appear	to	be	remark	in	the	spectrum	of	tumours,	and	there	is	loss	of	the	wild-typ	allel	in	a	leiomyosarcoma	from	the	proband.	A	cell	line	ha	been	establish	from	the	tumour	of	the	proband	and	cytogenet	and	molecular	studi	carri	out,	provid	an	extens	analysi	in	thi	family.
9241282	trinucleotid	repeat	expans	at	the	myoton	dystrophi	locu	reduc	express	of	dmahp.	myoton	dystrophy,	or	dystrophia	myotonica	(dm),	is	an	autosom	domin	multisystem	disord	caus	by	the	expans	of	a	ctg	trinucleotid	repeat	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	the	dmpk	protein	kinas	gene	on	chromosom	19q13.	3	(ref	1-3).	although	the	DM	mutat	wa	identifi	more	than	five	year	ago,	the	pathogen	mechan	underli	thi	most	preval	form	of	hereditari	adult	neuromuscular	diseas	remain	elusive.	previou	work	from	our	laboratori	demonstr	that	a	dnase	l-hypersensit	site	locat	adjac	to	the	repeat	on	the	wild-typ	allel	is	elimin	by	repeat	expansion,	indic	that	larg	ctg-repeat	array	may	be	associ	with	a	local	chromatin	environ	that	repress	gene	expression.	here	we	report	that	the	hypersensit	site	contain	an	enhanc	element	that	regul	transcript	of	the	adjac	dmahp	homeobox	gene.	analysi	of	dmahp	express	in	the	cell	of	DM	patient	with	loss	of	the	hypersensit	site	reveal	a	two-	to	fourfold	reduct	in	steady-st	dmahp	transcript	level	rel	to	wild-typ	controls.	allele-specif	analysi	of	dmahp	express	show	that	steady-st	transcript	level	from	the	expand	allel	were	greatli	reduc	in	comparison	to	those	from	the	wild-typ	allele.	together,	these	result	demonstr	that	ctg-repeat	expans	can	suppress	local	gene	express	and	implic	dmahp	in	DM	pathogenesi
9122265	A	mutat	in	autosom	domin	myotonia	congenita	affect	pore	properti	of	the	muscl	chlorid	channel.	autosom	domin	myotonia	congenita	is	an	inherit	disord	of	skelet	muscl	caus	by	mutat	in	a	voltage-g	cl-	channel	gene	(clcn1,	7q35).	here,	we	report	that	a	mutat	predict	the	substitut	of	gli	230	by	glutam	acid	(g230e)	between	segment	D3	and	D4	dramat	alter	the	pore	properti	of	a	recombin	human	muscl	cl-	channel	(hcic-1)	express	in	a	mammalian	cell	line	(tsa201).	the	g230e	mutat	caus	substanti	chang	in	anion	and	cation	select	as	well	as	a	fundament	chang	in	rectif	of	the	current-voltag	relationship.	wherea	wild-typ	channel	are	character	by	pronounc	inward	rectif	and	a	Cl	>	thiocyan	>	Br	>	NO	(3)	>	I	>	CH	(3)	SO	(3)	selectivity,	g230e	exhibit	outward	rectif	at	posit	potenti	and	a	thiocyan	>	NO	(3)	>	I	>	Br	>	Cl	>	CH	(3)	SO	(3)	selectivity.	furthermore,	the	cation-to-anion	permeabl	ratio	of	the	mutant	is	much	greater	than	that	of	the	wild-typ	channel.	voltage-depend	block	by	intracellular	and	extracellular	iodid	help	to	distinguish	two	distinct	ion	bind	site	within	the	hclc-1	conduct	pathway.	both	bind	site	are	preserv	in	the	mutant	but	have	decreas	affin	for	iodide.	these	find	suggest	that	gli	230	is	critic	for	normal	ion	conduct	in	hclc-1	and	that	thi	residu	resid	within	the	channel	pore.
9012404	mutat	analysi	of	brca1	and	brca2	in	a	male	breast	cancer	population.	A	population-bas	seri	of	54	male	breast	cancer	case	from	southern	california	were	analyz	for	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	inherit	breast/ovarian	cancer	genes,	brca1	and	brca2.	nine	(17%)	of	the	patient	had	a	famili	histori	of	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	in	at	least	one	first-degre	relative.	A	further	seven	(13%)	of	the	patient	report	breast/ovarian	cancer	in	at	least	one	second-degre	rel	and	in	no	first-degre	relatives.	No	germ-lin	brca1	mutat	were	found.	two	male	breast	cancer	patient	(4%	of	the	total)	were	found	to	carri	novel	truncat	mutat	in	the	brca2	gene.	onli	one	of	the	two	male	breast	cancer	patient	carri	a	brca2	mutat	had	a	famili	histori	of	cancer,	with	one	case	of	ovarian	cancer	in	a	first-degre	relative.	the	remain	eight	case	(89%)	of	male	breast	cancer	with	a	famili	histori	of	breast/ovarian	cancer	in	first-degre	rel	remain	unaccount	for	by	mutat	in	either	the	brca1	gene	or	the	brca2	gene.
8733131	express	of	the	von	hippel-lindau	diseas	tumour	suppressor	gene	dure	human	embryogenesis.	the	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	diseas	product	is	thought	to	down-regul	transcript	by	antagon	elongin-enhanc	transcript	elongation.	germlin	vhl	gene	mutat	predispos	to	the	develop	of	retinal,	cerebellar	and	spinal	haemangioblastomas,	renal	cell	carcinoma	and	phaeochromocytoma.	In	addition,	somat	inactiv	of	the	vhl	gene	is	frequent	in	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma	and	haemangioblastoma.	regul	of	transcript	elong	is	an	import	control	mechan	for	gene	express	and	the	vhl	gene	might	modifi	the	express	of	proto-oncogen	and	growth	suppressor	gene	dure	embryogenesis.	We	therefor	investig	the	express	of	vhl	mrna	dure	human	embryogenesi	by	in	situ	hybrid	studi	at	4,	6	and	10	week	post	conception.	although	vhl	mrna	wa	express	in	all	three	germ	layers,	strong	express	wa	note	in	the	central	nervou	system,	kidneys,	testi	and	lung.	within	the	kidney,	vhl	mrna	wa	differenti	express	within	renal	tubul	suggest	that	the	vhl	gene	product	may	have	a	specif	role	in	kidney	development.	two	altern	splice	vhl	mrna	character	by	inclus	(isoform	I)	or	exclus	(isoform	ii)	of	exon	2	are	transcrib	in	adult	tissues.	To	investig	if	the	two	isoform	are	differenti	express	dure	embryogenesis,	vhl	mrna	wa	revers	transcrib	from	13	fetal	tissu	(8-10	week	gestation).	the	quantit	distribut	of	vhl	mrna	within	fetal	tissu	reflect	that	seen	by	in	situ	hybrid	and	the	ratio	of	the	two	vhl	isoform	wa	similar	between	tissues.	although	the	gene	regul	by	the	vhl	gene	product	have	not	yet	been	identified,	our	find	are	compat	with	the	hypothesi	that	vhl-mediat	control	of	transcript	elong	may	have	a	role	in	normal	human	development.
9195227	screen	for	esr	mutat	in	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	patients.	In	the	present	study,	leukocyt	dna	from	143	patient	with	famili	cluster	of	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	and	tumour	dna	from	96	breast	carcinoma	were	screen	for	base	mutat	in	the	estrogen	receptor	gene	(esr).	three	patient	with	a	famili	histori	of	cancer	were	carri	a	gly160ci	germlin	substitution.	thi	alter	wa	also	detect	in	eight	(four	femal	and	four	males)	of	729	control	(366	female,	363	males),	indic	that	the	substitut	probabl	repres	a	polymorphism.	however,	in	the	229	femal	control	in	whom	famili	histori	of	cancer	wa	known,	one	of	two	who	had	a	sister	with	breast	cancer	wa	carri	the	variant	allele.	hence,	a	possibl	clinic	signific	of	the	glycin	into	cystein	cannot	be	complet	rule	out	and	should	be	further	investigated.	somat	mutat	were	not	detect	in	ani	of	the	tumour	studied,	and	the	present	data	do	not	provid	support	for	somat	esr	base	mutat	as	an	import	mechan	for	hormon	therapi	resist	in	estrogen	receptor-posit	breast	carcinomas.
8675707	increas	coronari	heart	diseas	in	japanese-american	men	with	mutat	in	the	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	gene	despit	increas	hdl	levels.	plasma	high	densiti	lipoprotein	(hdl)	level	are	strongli	genet	determin	and	show	a	gener	invers	relationship	with	coronari	heart	diseas	(chd).	the	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	(cetp)	mediat	the	transfer	of	cholesteryl	ester	from	hdl	to	other	lipoprotein	and	is	a	key	particip	in	the	revers	transport	of	cholesterol	from	the	peripheri	to	the	liver.	A	high	preval	of	two	differ	cetp	gene	mutat	(d442g,	5.	1%;	intron	14g	A,	0.	5%),	wa	found	in	3,	469	men	of	japanes	ancestri	in	the	honolulu	heart	program	and	mutat	were	associ	with	decreas	cetp	(-35%)	and	increas	hdl	chol	level	(+	10%	for	d442g).	however,	the	overal	preval	of	definit	chd	wa	21%	in	men	with	mutat	and	16%	in	men	without	mutations.	the	rel	risk	(rr)	of	chd	wa	1.	43	in	men	with	mutat	(P	<.	05);	after	adjust	for	chd	risk	factors,	the	RR	wa	1.	55	(P	=.	02);	after	addit	adjust	for	hdl	levels,	the	RR	wa	1.	68	(P	=.	008).	similar	RR	valu	were	obtain	for	the	d442g	mutat	alone.	increas	chd	in	men	with	mutat	wa	primarili	observ	for	hdl	chol	41-60	mg/dl;	for	hdl	chol	>	60	mg/dl	men	with	and	without	mutat	had	low	chd	prevalence.	thus,	genet	cetp	defici	appear	to	be	an	independ	risk	factor	for	chd,	primarili	due	to	increas	chd	preval	in	men	with	the	d442g	mutat	and	hdl	cholesterol	between	41	and	60	mg/dl.	the	find	suggest	that	both	hdl	concentr	and	the	dynam	of	cholesterol	transport	through	hdl	(i.	e.,	revers	cholesterol	transport)	determin	the	anti-atherogen	of	the	hdl	fraction
8808606	analysi	of	meiotic	segregation,	use	single-sperm	typing:	meiotic	drive	at	the	myoton	dystrophi	locus.	meiotic	drive	at	the	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	locu	ha	recent	been	suggest	as	be	respons	for	maintain	the	frequency,	in	the	human	population,	of	DM	chromosom	capabl	of	expans	to	the	diseas	state.	In	order	to	test	thi	hypothesis,	we	have	studi	sampl	of	singl	sperm	from	three	individu	heterozyg	at	the	DM	locus,	each	with	one	allel	larger	and	one	allel	smaller	than	19	ctg	repeats.	To	guard	against	the	possibl	problem	of	differenti	pcr	amplif	rate	base	on	the	length	of	the	alleles,	the	sperm	were	also	type	at	anoth	close	link	marker	whose	allel	size	wa	unrel	to	the	allel	size	at	the	DM	locus.	use	statist	model	specif	design	to	studi	single-sperm	segreg	data,	we	find	no	evid	of	meiotic	segreg	distortion.	the	upper	limit	of	the	two-sid	95%	confid	interv	for	the	estim	of	the	common	segreg	probabl	for	the	three	donor	is	at	or	below.	515	for	all	model	considered,	and	no	statist	signific	differ	from.	5	is	detect	in	ani	of	the	models.	thi	suggest	that	ani	greater	amount	of	segreg	distort	at	the	myoton	dystrophi	locu	must	result	from	event	follow	sperm	ejacul
9223307	isol	of	full-length	atm	cdna	and	correct	of	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	cellular	phenotype.	A	gene	mutat	in	the	human	genet	disord	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t),	atm,	wa	recent	identifi	by	posit	cloning.	atm	is	a	member	of	the	phosphatidylinositol-3-kinas	superfamily,	some	of	which	are	protein	kinas	and	appear	to	have	import	role	in	cell	cycl	control	and	radiat	signal	transduction.	We	describ	herein,	to	our	knowledge,	for	the	first	time,	the	clone	of	a	full-length	cdna	for	atm	and	correct	of	multipl	aspect	of	the	radio-sensit	phenotyp	of	a-t	cell	by	transfect	with	thi	cdna.	overexpress	of	atm	cdna	in	a-t	cell	enhanc	the	surviv	of	these	cell	in	respons	to	radiat	exposure,	decreas	radiation-induc	chromosom	aberrations,	reduc	radio-resist	dna	synthesis,	and	partial	correct	defect	cell	cycl	checkpoint	and	induct	of	stress-activ	protein	kinase.	thi	correct	of	the	defect	in	a-t	cell	provid	further	evid	of	the	multipl	of	effector	function	of	the	atm	protein	and	suggest	possibl	approach	to	gene	therapy.
8651278	the	spectrum	of	rb1	germ-lin	mutat	in	hereditari	retinoblastoma.	We	have	search	for	germ-lin	rb1	mutat	in	119	patient	with	hereditari	retinoblastoma.	previou	investig	by	southern	blot	hybrid	and	pcr	fragment-length	analysi	had	reveal	mutat	in	48	patients.	here	we	report	on	the	analysi	of	the	remain	71	patients.	By	appli	heteroduplex	analysis,	nonisotop	sscp,	and	direct	sequencing,	we	detect	germ-lin	mutat	result	in	prematur	termin	codon	or	disrupt	of	splice	signal	in	51	(72%)	of	the	71	patients.	four	patient	also	show	rare	sequenc	variants.	No	region	of	the	rb1	gene	wa	preferenti	involv	in	singl	base	substitutions.	recurr	transit	were	observ	at	most	of	the	14	codon	within	the	rb1.	No	mutat	wa	observ	in	exon	25-27,	although	thi	region	contain	two	cga	codons.	thi	suggest	that	mutat	within	the	3-termin	region	of	the	rb1	gene	may	not	be	oncogenic.	when	these	data	were	combin	with	the	result	of	our	previou	investigations,	mutat	were	identifi	in	a	total	of	99	(83%)	of	119	patients.	the	spectrum	compris	15%	larg	deletions,	26%	small	length	alterations,	and	42%	base	substitutions.	No	correl	between	the	locat	of	frameshift	or	nonsens	mutat	and	phenotyp	features,	includ	age	at	diagnosis,	the	number	of	tumor	foci,	and	manifest	of	nonocular	tumor	wa	observed.
8625410	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein,	a	novel	effector	for	the	gtpase	cdc42hs,	is	implic	in	actin	polymerization.	the	rho	famili	of	gtpase	control	divers	biolog	processes,	includ	cell	morpholog	and	mitogenesis.	We	have	identifi	wasp,	the	protein	that	is	defect	in	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was),	as	a	novel	effector	for	cdc42hs,	but	not	for	the	other	rho	famili	members,	rac	and	rho.	thi	interact	is	depend	on	the	presenc	of	the	G	protein-bind	domain.	cellular	express	of	epitope-tag	wasp	produc	cluster	of	wasp	that	are	highli	enrich	in	polymer	actin.	thi	cluster	is	not	observ	with	a	c-termin	delet	wasp	and	is	inhibit	by	coexpress	with	domin	neg	cdc42hs-n17,	but	not	with	domin	neg	form	of	rac	or	rho.	thus,	wasp	provid	a	novel	link	between	cdc42h	and	the	actin	cytoskeleton,	which	suggest	a	molecular	mechan	for	mani	of	the	cellular	abnorm	in	was.	the	wasp	sequenc	contain	two	novel	domain	that	are	homolog	to	other	protein	involv	in	action	organization.
9272171	adult	onset	globoid	cell	leukodystrophi	(krabb	disease):	analysi	of	galactosylceramidas	cdna	from	four	japanes	patients.	We	examin	galactosylceramidas	(galc)	cdna	in	four	japanes	patient	with	adult	onset	globoid	cell	leukodystrophi	(krabb	disease;	ao-gld)	by	polymeras	chain	reaction/single-strand	conform	polymorph	(pcr-sscp)	analysis,	subsequ	sequenc	determination,	and	restrict	enzym	digest	of	pcr	products,	initi	symptom	were	the	onset	of	slowli	progress	spastic	paraplegia	from	the	middl	of	the	second	decade,	and	all	patient	had	diminish	galc	activ	in	their	leukocytes.	We	identifi	three	missens	mutat	(i66m,	g270d,	l618s)	and	one	exon-6	skip	(535-573del).	two	of	the	patient	had	onli	the	i66m	mutant	mrna,	and	one	onli	the	g27od	mutant	mrna.	the	fourth	patient	carri	a	compound	heterozyg	mutat	of	535-573del	and	l618s.	To	determin	the	enzymat	activ	produc	by	these	mutations,	we	construct	mutat	galc	cdna	and	express	them	in	cos-1	cells.	three	mutations,	viz.,	g270d,	l618s,	and	exon-6	skip	(535-573del),	produc	diminish	galc	activ	as	expected.	the	i66m	mutat	in	the	wild-typ	galc	cdna	(i289)	had	normal	activity,	but	when	thi	mutat	and	the	v289	polymorph	were	introduc	into	the	same	allele,	it	had	decreas	activity.	thus,	the	combin	of	a	uniqu	mutat	and	polymorph	caus	conform	chang	in	the	galc	enzyme,	result	in	low	enzymat	activity.	ao-gld	mutations,	includ	those	found	here,	are	locat	in	the	n-terminu	(i66m,	g270d,	535-573del)	or	c-terminu	(l618s)	of	the	galc	enzyme,	wherea	the	report	mutat	in	the	infantil	form	(if-gld)	are	in	the	central	domain.	thi	differ	in	mutat	site	may	affect	the	clinic	featur	of	gld
8589722	brca1	is	secret	and	exhibit	properti	of	a	granin.	germlin	mutat	in	brca1	are	respons	for	most	case	of	inherit	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	.	however,	the	function	of	the	brca1	protein	ha	remain	elusive.	We	now	show	that	brca1	encod	a	190-kd	protein	with	sequenc	homolog	and	biochem	analog	to	the	granin	protein	family.	interestingly,	brca2	also	includ	a	motif	similar	to	the	granin	consensu	at	the	C	terminu	of	the	protein.	both	brca1	and	the	granin	local	to	secretori	vesicles,	are	secret	by	a	regul	pathway,	are	post-transl	glycosyl	and	are	respons	to	hormones.	As	a	regul	secretori	protein,	brca1	appear	to	function	by	a	mechan	not	previous	describ	for	tumour	suppressor	gene	products.
9144439	insulin	gene	region	contribut	to	genet	suscept	to,	but	may	not	to	low	incid	of,	insulin-depend	diabet	mellitu	in	japanese.	In	the	caucasian	population,	it	ha	been	demonstr	that	the	insulin	gene	(ins)	region	contain	the	insulin-depend	diabet	mellitu	locu	(iddm2).	In	the	japanes	population,	however,	there	ha	been	no	report	demonstr	the	contribut	of	iddm2	to	the	pathogenesi	of	iddm.	We	conduct	an	associ	studi	of	iddm	in	a	larg	number	of	japanes	subject	with	multipl	polymorph	in	in	region.	We	found	a	signific	associ	of	the	in	region	with	iddm.	allel	posit	associ	with	iddm	in	in	region	were	the	same	as	those	positively-associ	with	iddm	in	caucasian	population,	although	positively-associ	allel	are	veri	common	(allel	frequenc	>	0.	9)	in	the	japanes	gener	population.	these	data	suggest	that	iddm2	is	involv	in	the	genet	suscept	to	iddm	in	japanese.	the	high	frequenc	of	disease-associ	allel	in	the	gener	popul	suggest	that	iddm2	locu	is	not	respons	for	the	low	incid	of	iddm	in	japanes
8929413	associ	of	anxiety-rel	trait	with	a	polymorph	in	the	serotonin	transport	gene	regulatori	region.	transporter-facilit	uptak	of	serotonin	(5-hydroxytryptamin	or	5-ht)	ha	been	implic	in	anxieti	in	human	and	anim	model	and	is	the	site	of	action	of	wide	use	uptake-inhibit	antidepress	and	antianxieti	drugs.	human	5-ht	transport	(5-htt)	gene	transcript	is	modul	by	a	common	polymorph	in	it	upstream	regulatori	region.	the	short	variant	of	the	polymorph	reduc	the	transcript	effici	of	the	5-htt	gene	promoter,	result	in	decreas	5-htt	express	and	5-ht	uptak	in	lymphoblasts.	associ	studi	in	two	independ	sampl	total	505	individu	reveal	that	the	5-htt	polymorph	account	for	3	to	4	percent	of	total	variat	and	7	to	9	percent	of	inherit	varianc	in	anxiety-rel	person	trait	in	individu	as	well	as	sibships.
8845838	clone	and	character	of	human	very-long-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	cdna,	chromosom	assign	of	the	gene	and	identif	in	four	patient	of	nine	differ	mutat	within	the	vlcad	gene.	very-long-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	(vlcad)	is	one	of	four	straight-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	(acd)	enzymes,	which	are	all	nuclear	encod	mitochondri	flavoprotein	catalyz	the	initi	step	in	fatti	acid	beta-oxidation.	We	have	use	the	veri	fast,	rapid	amplif	of	cdna	end	(race)	base	strategi	to	obtain	the	sequenc	of	cdna	encod	human	vlcad	from	placenta	and	fibroblasts.	align	of	the	predict	amino	acid	sequenc	of	human	vlcad	with	those	of	the	other	human	acd	enzym	reveal	extens	sequenc	homology.	moreover,	human	vlcad	and	human	acyl-coa	oxidas	show	extens	sequenc	homolog	corrobor	the	notion	that	these	gene	are	evolutionarili	related.	southern	blot	analysi	of	genom	dna	from	hybrid	cell	line	wa	use	to	local	the	vlcad	gene	to	human	chromosom	17p11.	2-p11.	13105.	use	northern	and	western	blot	analysi	to	investig	the	tissu	specif	distribut	of	vlcad	mrna	and	protein	in	sever	human	tissu	we	show	that	vlcad	is	most	abund	in	heart	and	skelet	muscle.	thi	agre	well	with	the	fact	that	cardiac	and	muscl	symptom	are	characterist	for	patient	with	vlcad	deficiency.	northern	blot	analysi	and	sequenc	of	clone	pcr	amplifi	vlcad	cdna	from	four	unrel	patient	with	vlcad	defici	show	that	vlcad	mrna	wa	undetect	in	one	patient	and	that	the	other	three	have	mutat	in	both	vlcad	alleles.	western	blot	analysi	of	patient	fibroblast	show	that	the	identifi	mutat	result	in	sever	reduc	amount	of	vlcad	protein
8892662	genet	base	of	human	complement	C7	deficiency.	complement	C7	defici	(c7d)	is	associ	frequent	with	recurr	bacteri	infections,	especi	mening	caus	by	neisseria	meningitidis.	We	report	in	thi	work	the	molecular	base	of	c7d	in	two	unrel	japanes	males.	We	use	exon-specif	pcr/single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	as	a	screen	step	for	mutations.	subsequ	direct	sequenc	of	the	target	exon	identifi	homozyg	mutat	in	exon	16	of	case	1	and	in	exon	15	of	case	2.	the	mutat	of	case	1	wa	a	homozyg	T	to	A	transvers	at	nucleotid	2250,	the	third	nucleotid	of	the	codon	tgt	for	cys728,	lead	to	a	stop	codon	tga	(c728x).	In	case	2,	a	homozyg	2-bp	delet	(2137deltg/2138delgt/2139deltg)	caus	a	frameshift,	gener	a	prematur	termin	codon	4	to	6	nucleotid	downstream.	famili	studi	in	case	1	confirm	the	genet	natur	of	the	defect.	moreover,	we	detect	a	novel	polymorph	in	intron	11	that	presum	is	link	to	the	mutat	respons	for	c7d	in	case	1.	our	result	indic	that	the	pathogenesi	of	c7d	is	heterogen	like	most	of	the	other	defici	of	complement	components.
8622978	defect	dimer	of	von	willebrand	factor	subunit	due	to	a	cys->	arg	mutat	in	type	iid	von	willebrand	disease.	the	same	heterozyg	T	-	>	C	transit	at	nt	8567	of	the	von	willebrand	factor	(vwf)	transcript	wa	found	in	two	unrel	patient	with	type	iid	von	willebrand	disease,	with	no	other	appar	abnormality.	In	one	family,	both	allel	were	normal	in	the	parent	and	one	sister;	thus,	the	mutat	origin	de	novo	in	the	proposita.	the	second	patient	also	had	asymptomat	parent	who,	however,	were	not	avail	for	study.	the	structur	consequ	of	the	identifi	mutation,	result	in	the	cys2010	-	>	arg	substitution,	were	evalu	by	express	of	the	vwf	carboxyl-termin	domain	contain	residu	1366-2050.	insect	cell	infect	with	recombin	baculoviru	express	normal	vwf	sequenc	secret	a	disulfid	link	dimer	molecul	with	an	appar	molecular	mass	of	150	kda	befor	reduction,	yield	a	singl	band	of	80	kda	after	disulfid	bond	reduction.	In	contrast,	cell	express	the	mutant	fragment	secret	a	monomer	molecul	of	appar	molecular	mass	of	80	kda,	which	remain	unchang	after	reduction.	We	conclud	that	cys2010	is	essenti	for	normal	dimer	of	vwf	subunit	through	disulfid	bond	of	carboxyl-termin	domain	and	that	a	heterozyg	mutat	in	the	correspond	codon	is	respons	for	defect	multim	format	in	type	iid	von	willebrand	disease.
8968760	ataxia-telangiectasia:	founder	effect	among	north	african	jews.	the	atm	gene	is	respons	for	the	autosom	recess	disord	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t),	character	by	cerebellar	degeneration,	immunodefici	and	cancer	predisposition.	a-t	carrier	were	report	to	be	moder	cancer-prone.	A	wide	varieti	of	a-t	mutations,	most	of	which	are	uniqu	to	singl	families,	were	identifi	in	variou	ethnic	groups,	preclud	carrier	screen	with	mutation-specif	assays.	however,	a	singl	mutat	wa	observ	in	32/33	defect	atm	allel	in	jewish	a-t	famili	of	north	african	origin,	come	from	variou	region	of	morocco	and	tunisia.	thi	mutation,	103c--	>	T,	result	in	a	stop	codon	at	posit	35	of	the	atm	protein.	In	keep	with	the	natur	of	thi	mutation,	variou	antibodi	direct	against	the	atm	protein	fail	to	defect	thi	protein	in	patient	cells.	A	rapid	carrier	detect	assay	detect	thi	mutat	in	three	out	of	488	atm	allel	of	jewish	moroccan	or	tunisian	origin.	thi	founder	effect	provid	a	uniqu	opportun	for	population-bas	screen	for	a-t	carrier	in	a	larg	jewish	community.
8755918	mutat	associ	with	variant	phenotyp	in	ataxia-telangiectasia.	We	have	identifi	14	famili	with	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	in	which	mutat	of	the	atm	gene	is	associ	with	a	less	sever	clinic	and	cellular	phenotyp	(approxim	10%	-15%	of	a-t	famili	identifi	in	the	unit	kingdom).	In	10	of	these	families,	all	the	homozygot	have	a	137-bp	insert	in	their	cdna	caus	by	a	point	mutat	in	a	sequenc	resembl	a	splice-donor	site.	the	second	a-t	allel	ha	a	differ	mutat	in	each	patient.	We	show	that	the	less	sever	phenotyp	in	these	patient	is	caus	by	some	degre	of	normal	splicing,	which	occur	as	an	altern	product	from	the	insertion-contain	allele.	the	level	of	the	137-bp	pcr	product	contain	the	insert	wa	lowest	in	two	patient	who	show	a	later	onset	of	cerebellar	ataxia.	A	further	four	famili	who	do	not	have	thi	insert	have	been	identified.	mutat	detect	in	two	of	four	of	these	are	missens	mutations,	normal	rare	in	a-t	patients.	the	demonstr	of	mutat	give	rise	to	a	slightli	milder	phenotyp	in	a-t	rais	the	interest	question	of	what	rang	of	phenotyp	might	occur	in	individu	in	whom	both	mutat	are	milder.	one	possibl	might	be	that	individu	who	are	compound	heterozygot	for	atm	mutat	are	more	common	than	we	realize.
8696339	cleavag	of	huntingtin	by	apopain,	a	proapoptot	cystein	protease,	is	modul	by	the	polyglutamin	tract.	apoptosi	ha	recent	been	recogn	as	a	mode	of	cell	death	in	huntington	diseas	(hd).	apopain,	a	human	counterpart	of	the	nematod	cystein	proteas	death-gen	product,	ced-3,	ha	a	key	role	in	proteolyt	event	lead	to	apoptosis.	here	we	show	that	apoptot	extract	and	apopain	itself	specif	cleav	the	HD	gene	product,	huntingtin.	the	rate	of	cleavag	increas	with	the	length	of	the	huntingtin	polyglutamin	tract,	provid	an	explan	for	the	gain-of-funct	associ	with	cag	expansion.	our	result	show	that	huntingtin	is	cleav	by	cystein	proteas	and	suggest	that	HD	might	be	a	disord	of	inappropri	apoptosis.
10192393	A	common	human	skin	tumour	is	caus	by	activ	mutat	in	beta-catenin.	wnt	signal	orchestr	a	number	of	development	programs.	In	respons	to	thi	stimulus,	cytoplasm	beta-catenin	(encod	by	ctnnb1)	is	stabilized,	enabl	downstream	transcript	activ	by	member	of	the	lef/tcf	family.	one	of	the	target	gene	for	beta-catenin/tcf	encod	c-myc,	explain	whi	constitut	activ	of	the	wnt	pathway	can	lead	to	cancer,	particularli	in	the	colon.	most	colon	cancer	aris	from	mutat	in	the	gene	encod	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc),	a	protein	requir	for	ubiquitin-medi	degrad	of	beta-catenin,	but	a	small	percentag	of	colon	and	some	other	cancer	harbour	beta-catenin-stabil	mutations.	recently,	we	discov	that	transgen	mice	express	an	activ	beta-catenin	are	predispos	to	develop	skin	tumour	resembl	pilomatricomas.	given	that	the	skin	of	these	adult	mice	also	exhibit	sign	of	de	novo	hair-follicl	morphogenesis,	we	wonder	whether	human	pilomatricoma	might	origin	from	hair	matrix	cell	and	whether	they	might	possess	beta-catenin-stabil	mutations.	here,	we	explor	the	cell	origin	and	aetiolog	of	thi	common	human	skin	tumour.	We	found	nuclear	lef-1	in	the	divid	tumour	cells,	provid	biochem	evid	that	pilomatricoma	are	deriv	from	hair	matrix	cells.	At	least	75%	of	these	tumour	possess	mutat	affect	the	amino-termin	segment,	normal	involv	in	phosphorylation-dependent,	ubiquitin-medi	degrad	of	the	protein.	thi	percentag	of	ctnnb1	mutat	is	greater	than	in	all	other	human	tumour	examin	thu	far,	and	directli	implic	beta-catenin/lef	misregul	as	the	major	caus	of	hair	matrix	cell	tumorigenesi	in	humans.
10194428	hfe	mutat	analysi	in	711	hemochromatosi	probands:	evid	for	s65c	implic	in	mild	form	of	hemochromatosis.	hereditari	hemochromatosi	(hh)	is	a	common	autosom	recess	genet	disord	of	iron	metabolism.	the	hfe	candid	gene	encod	an	hla	class	i-lik	protein	involv	in	HH	wa	identifi	in	1996.	two	missens	mutat	have	been	describ	c282y,	account	for	80%	to	90%	of	HH	chromosomes,	and	h63d,	which	is	associ	with	a	milder	form	of	the	diseas	repres	40%	to	70%	of	non-c282i	HH	chromosomes.	We	report	here	on	the	analysi	of	c282y,	h63d,	and	the	193a--	>	T	substitut	lead	to	the	s65c	missens	substitut	in	a	larg	seri	of	proband	and	controls.	the	result	confirm	that	the	c282i	substitut	wa	the	main	mutat	involv	in	hemochromatosis,	account	for	85%	of	carrier	chromosomes,	wherea	the	h63d	substitut	repres	39%	of	the	HH	chromosom	that	did	not	carri	the	c282i	mutation.	In	addition,	our	screen	show	that	the	s65c	substitut	wa	significantli	enrich	in	proband	with	at	least	one	chromosom	without	an	assign	mutation.	thi	substitut	account	for	7.	8%	of	HH	chromosom	that	were	neither	c282i	nor	h63d.	thi	enrich	of	s65c	among	HH	chromosom	suggest	that	the	s65c	substitut	is	associ	with	the	mild	form	of	hemochromatosi
10196379	germlin	brca1	alter	in	a	population-bas	seri	of	ovarian	cancer	cases.	the	object	of	thi	studi	wa	to	provid	more	accur	frequenc	estim	of	breast	cancer	suscept	gene	1	(brca1)	germlin	alter	in	the	ovarian	cancer	population.	To	achiev	this,	we	determin	the	preval	of	brca1	alter	in	a	population-bas	seri	of	consecut	ovarian	cancer	cases.	thi	is	the	first	population-bas	ovarian	cancer	studi	report	brca1	alter	deriv	from	a	comprehens	screen	of	the	entir	code	region.	one	hundr	and	seven	ovarian	cancer	case	were	analyz	for	brca1	alter	use	the	rnase	mismatch	cleavag	assay	follow	by	direct	sequencing.	two	truncat	mutations,	962del4	and	3600del11,	were	identified.	both	patient	had	a	famili	histori	of	breast	or	ovarian	cancer.	sever	novel	as	well	as	previous	report	uncharacter	variant	were	also	identified,	some	of	which	were	associ	with	a	famili	histori	of	cancer.	the	frequenc	distribut	of	common	polymorph	wa	determin	in	the	91	caucasian	cancer	case	in	thi	seri	and	24	sister	control	use	allele-specif	amplification.	the	rare	form	of	the	q356r	polymorph	wa	significantli	(P	=	0.	03)	associ	with	a	famili	histori	of	ovarian	cancer,	suggest	that	thi	polymorph	may	influenc	ovarian	cancer	risk.	In	summary,	our	data	suggest	a	role	for	some	uncharacter	variant	and	rare	form	of	polymorph	in	determin	ovarian	cancer	risk,	and	highlight	the	necess	to	screen	for	missens	alter	as	well	as	truncat	mutat	in	thi	popul
10021369	identif	of	apc2,	a	homologu	of	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	tumour	suppressor.	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	tumour-suppressor	protein	control	the	wnt	signal	pathway	by	form	a	complex	with	glycogen	synthas	kinas	3beta	(gsk-3beta),	axin/conductin	and	betacatenin.	complex	format	induc	the	rapid	degrad	of	betacatenin.	In	colon	carcinoma	cells,	loss	of	apc	lead	to	the	accumul	of	betacatenin	in	the	nucleus,	where	it	bind	to	and	activ	the	tcf-4	transcript	factor	(review	in	[1]	[2]).	here,	we	report	the	identif	and	genom	structur	of	apc	homologues.	mammalian	apc2,	which	close	resembl	apc	in	overal	domain	structure,	wa	function	analyz	and	shown	to	contain	two	samp	domains,	both	of	which	are	requir	for	bind	to	conductin.	like	apc,	apc2	regul	the	format	of	activ	betacatenin-tcf	complexes,	as	demonstr	use	transient	transcript	activ	assay	in	apc	-/-	colon	carcinoma	cells.	human	apc2	map	to	chromosom	19p13.	3.	apc	and	apc2	may	therefor	have	compar	function	in	develop	and	cancer
100562	famili	defici	of	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	associ	with	recurr	bacterem	infect	due	to	neisseria.	the	serum	of	a	29-year	old	woman	with	a	recent	episod	of	dissemin	gonococc	infect	and	a	histori	of	meningococc	mening	and	arthriti	as	a	child	wa	found	to	lack	serum	hemolyt	complement	activity.	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	(c7)	wa	not	detect	by	function	or	immunochem	assays,	wherea	other	compon	were	normal	by	hemolyt	and	immunochem	assessment.	her	fresh	serum	lack	complement-medi	bactericid	activ	against	neisseria	gonorrhoeae,	but	the	addit	of	fresh	normal	serum	or	purifi	C7	restor	bactericid	activ	as	well	as	hemolyt	activity.	the	absenc	of	function	C7	activ	could	not	be	account	for	on	the	basi	of	an	inhibitor.	opson	and	gener	of	chemotact	activ	function	normally.	complet	absenc	of	C7	wa	also	found	in	one	sibl	who	had	the	clinic	syndrom	of	meningococc	mening	and	arthriti	as	a	child	and	in	thi	sibl	clinic	well	eight-year-old	son.	hla	histocompat	type	of	the	famili	member	did	not	demonstr	evid	for	genet	linkag	of	C7	defici	with	the	major	histocompat	loci.	thi	report	repres	the	first	case	of	C7	defici	associ	with	infecti	complic	and	suggest	that	bactericid	activ	may	be	import	in	host	defens	against	bacterem	neisseria	infect
10078749	gch1	mutat	in	a	patient	with	adult-onset	oromandibular	dystonia.	the	author	report	a	mutat	in	exon	5	of	gch1	in	a	patient	with	adult-onset	oromandibular	dystonia	and	no	obviou	famili	histori	of	dystonia.	the	patient	respond	posit	to	treatment	with	l-dopa.	these	find	demonstr	that	gch1	mutat	must	be	consid	even	in	patient	with	dyston	symptom	not	typic	of	dopa-respons	dystonia
10085150	the	hereditari	hemochromatosi	protein,	hfe,	specif	regul	transferrin-medi	iron	uptak	in	hela	cells.	hfe	is	the	protein	product	of	the	gene	mutat	in	the	autosom	recess	diseas	hereditari	hemochromatosi	(feder,	J.	n.,	gnirke,	a.,	thomas,	w.,	tsuchihashi,	z.,	ruddy,	D.	a.,	basava,	a.,	dormishian,	f.,	domingo,	R.	j.,	ellis,	M.	c.,	fullan,	a.,	hinton,	L.	m.,	jones,	N.	l.,	kimmel,	B.	e.,	kronmal,	G.	s.,	lauer,	p.,	lee,	V.	k.,	loeb,	D.	b.,	mapa,	F.	a.,	mcclelland,	e.,	meyer,	N.	c.,	mintier,	G.	a.,	moeller,	n.,	moore,	t.,	morikang,	e.,	prasss,	C.	E	.,	quintana,	l.,	starnes,	S.	M	.,	schatzman,	R.	C	.,	brunke,	K.	J	.,	drayna,	D.	t.,	risch,	N.	J	.,	bacon,	B.	R	.,	and	wolff,	R.	R	.	(1996)	nat.	genet.	13,	399-408).	At	the	cell	surface,	hfe	complex	with	transferrin	receptor	(tfr),	increas	the	dissoci	constant	of	transferrin	(tf)	for	it	receptor	10-fold	(gross,	C.	N	.,	irrinki,	a.,	feder,	J.	N	.,	and	enns,	C.	A	.	(1998)	J.	biol.	chem.	273,	22068-22074;	feder,	J.	n.,	penny,	D.	m.,	irrinki,	a.,	lee,	V.	k.,	lebron,	J.	a.,	watson,	n.,	tsuchihashi,	z.,	sigal,	e.,	bjorkman,	P.	j.,	and	schatzman,	R.	C.	(1998)	proc.	natl	.	acad.	sci.	U	S	A	95,	1472-1477).	hfe	doe	not	remain	at	the	cell	surface,	but	traffic	with	tfr	to	tf-posit	intern	compart	(gross	et	al.,	1998).	use	a	hela	cell	line	in	which	the	express	of	hfe	is	control	by	tetracycline,	we	show	that	the	express	of	hfe	reduc	55fe	uptak	from	Tf	by	33%	but	doe	not	affect	the	endocyt	or	exocyt	rate	of	tfr	cycling.	therefore,	hfe	appear	to	reduc	cellular	acquisit	of	iron	from	Tf	within	endocyt	compartments.	hfe	specif	reduc	iron	uptak	from	tf,	as	non-tf-medi	iron	uptak	from	fe-nitrilotriacet	acid	is	not	altered.	these	result	explain	the	decreas	ferritin	level	seen	in	our	hela	cell	system	and	demonstr	the	specif	control	of	hfe	over	the	tf-mediat	pathway	of	iron	uptake.	these	result	also	have	implic	for	the	understand	of	cellular	iron	homeostasi	in	organ	such	as	the	liver,	pancreas,	heart,	and	spleen	that	are	iron	load	in	hereditari	hemochromatot	individu	lack	function	hfe
10090880	mutat	and	haplotyp	studi	of	famili	mediterranean	fever	reveal	new	ancestr	relationship	and	evid	for	a	high	carrier	frequenc	with	reduc	penetr	in	the	ashkenazi	jewish	population.	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf)	is	a	recess	disord	character	by	episod	of	fever	with	seros	or	synovitis.	the	fmf	gene	(mefv)	wa	clone	recently,	and	four	missens	mutat	were	identified.	here	we	present	data	from	non-ashkenazi	jewish	and	arab	patient	in	whom	we	had	not	origin	found	mutat	and	from	a	new,	more	ethnic	divers	panel.	among	90	symptomat	mutation-posit	individuals,	11	mutat	account	for	79%	of	carrier	chromosomes.	Of	the	two	mutat	that	are	novel,	one	alter	the	same	residu	(680)	as	a	previous	known	mutation,	and	the	other	(p369s)	is	locat	in	exon	3.	consist	with	anoth	recent	report,	the	e148q	mutat	wa	observ	in	patient	of	sever	ethnic	and	on	multipl	microsatellit	haplotypes,	but	haplotyp	data	indic	an	ancestr	relationship	between	non-jewish	italian	and	ashkenazi	jewish	patient	with	fmf	and	other	affect	populations.	among	approxim	200	anonym	ashkenazi	jewish	dna	samples,	the	mefv	carrier	frequenc	wa	21%,	with	e148q	the	most	common	mutation.	sever	line	of	evid	indic	reduc	penetr	among	ashkenazi	jews,	especi	for	e148q,	p369s,	and	k695r.	nevertheless,	e148q	help	account	for	recess	inherit	in	an	ashkenazi	famili	previous	report	as	an	unusu	case	of	dominantli	inherit	fmf.	the	presenc	of	three	frequent	mefv	mutat	in	multipl	mediterranean	popul	strongli	suggest	a	heterozygot	advantag	in	thi	geograph	region
10090885	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrom	with	defect	fas:	genotyp	influenc	penetrance.	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrom	(alps)	is	a	disord	of	lymphocyt	homeostasi	and	immunolog	tolerance.	most	patient	have	a	heterozyg	mutat	in	the	apt1	gene,	which	encod	fa	(cd95,	apo-1),	mediat	of	an	apoptot	pathway	crucial	to	lymphocyt	homeostasis.	Of	17	uniqu	apt1	mutat	in	unrel	alp	probands,	12	(71%)	occur	in	exon	7-9,	which	encod	the	intracellular	portion	of	fas.	In	vitro,	activ	lymphocyt	from	all	17	patient	show	apoptot	defect	when	expos	to	an	anti-fa	agonist	monoclon	antibody.	similar	defect	were	found	in	a	fas-neg	cell	line	transfect	with	cdna	bear	each	of	the	mutations.	In	cotransfect	experiments,	fa	construct	with	either	intra-	or	extracellular	mutat	caus	domin	inhibit	of	apoptosi	mediat	by	wild-typ	fas.	two	missens	fa	variants,	not	restrict	to	patient	with	alps,	were	identified.	variant	A	(-1)	T	at	the	fa	signal-sequ	cleavag	site,	which	mediat	apoptosi	less	well	than	wild-typ	fa	and	is	partial	inhibitory,	wa	present	in	13%	of	african	american	alleles.	among	the	alps-associ	fa	mutants,	domin	inhibit	of	apoptosi	wa	much	more	pronounc	in	mutant	affect	the	intracellular,	versu	extracellular,	portion	of	the	fa	receptor.	mutat	caus	disrupt	of	the	intracellular	fa	death	domain	also	show	a	higher	penetr	of	alp	phenotyp	featur	in	mutation-bear	relatives.	signific	alps-rel	morbid	occur	in	44%	of	rel	with	intracellular	mutations,	versu	0%	of	rel	with	extracellular	mutations.	thus,	the	locat	of	mutat	within	apt1	strongli	influenc	the	develop	and	the	sever	of	alp
10190819	mutat	analysi	and	genotype-phenotyp	correl	of	29	unrel	japanes	patient	with	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophy.	background	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	is	an	inherit	diseas	character	by	progress	neurolog	dysfunction,	occasion	associ	with	adren	insufficiency.	the	classic	form	of	ald	usual	ha	onset	in	childhood	(childhood	cerebr	ald),	with	rapid	neurolog	deterior	lead	to	a	veget	state.	adult-onset	cerebr	ald	also	present	with	rapidli	progress	neurolog	dysfunction.	milder	phenotyp	such	as	adrenomyeloneuropathi	and	addison	diseas	onli	also	have	been	recognized.	despit	discoveri	of	the	caus	gene,	a	molecular	basi	for	the	divers	clinic	present	remain	to	be	elucidated.	object	To	conduct	mutat	analys	in	29	japanes	patient	with	ald	from	29	unrel	families,	to	obtain	knowledg	of	the	spectrum	of	mutat	in	thi	gene,	and	to	studi	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	japanes	patients.	method	the	29	patient	compris	13	patient	with	childhood	cerebr	ald,	11	patient	with	adult-onset	cerebr	ald,	and	5	patient	with	adrenomyeloneuropathy.	We	conduct	detail	mutat	analys	of	29	unrel	japanes	patient	with	ald	by	genom	southern	blot	analysi	and	direct	nucleotid	sequenc	analysi	of	revers	transcriptase-polymeras	chain	reaction	product	deriv	from	total	rna	that	wa	extract	from	cultur	skin	fibroblasts,	lymphoblastoid	cells,	or	peripher	blood	leukocytes.	result	three	patient	with	adult-onset	cerebr	ald	were	identifi	as	have	larg	genom	rearrangements.	the	remain	26	patient	were	identifi	as	have	21	independ	mutations,	includ	12	novel	mutat	result	in	small	nucleotid	alter	in	the	ald	gene.	eighteen	(69%)	of	26	mutat	were	missens	mutations.	most	missens	mutat	involv	amino	acid	conserv	in	homolog	gene	products,	includ	pmp70,	maldrp,	and	pxa1p.	the	AG	dinucleotid	delet	at	posit	1081-1082,	which	ha	been	report	previous	to	be	the	most	common	mutat	in	white	patient	(12%	-17%),	wa	also	identifi	as	the	most	common	mutat	in	japanes	patient	(12%).	all	phenotyp	were	associ	with	mutat	result	in	protein	truncat	or	subtl	amino	acid	changes.	there	were	no	differ	in	phenotyp	express	between	missens	mutat	involv	conserv	amino	acid	and	those	involv	nonconserv	amino	acids.	conclus	there	are	no	obviou	correl	between	the	phenotyp	of	patient	with	ald	and	their	genotypes,	suggest	that	other	genet	or	environment	factor	modifi	the	phenotyp	express	of	ald.
6859721	absenc	of	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	in	a	patient	with	chronic	meningococcemia	present	as	vasculitis.	A	previous	healthi	40-year-old	man	present	with	fever,	arthritis,	and	cutan	vascul	wa	found	to	have	chronic	meningococcemia.	evalu	of	hi	complement	system	show	an	absenc	of	function	and	antigen	c7,	compat	with	a	complet	defici	of	the	seventh	compon	of	complement.	studi	of	the	patient	famili	span	four	gener	show	heterozyg	defici	of	C7	in	five	members.	chronic	neisseri	infect	can	be	associ	with	C7	defici	and	must	be	distinguish	from	other	caus	of	cutan	vasculitis.
10071185	genotyp	and	phenotyp	in	patient	with	dihydropyrimidin	dehydrogenas	deficiency.	dihydropyrimidin	dehydrogenas	(dpd)	defici	is	an	autosom	recess	diseas	characteris	by	thymine-uraciluria	in	homozyg	defici	patient	and	ha	been	associ	with	a	variabl	clinic	phenotype.	In	order	to	understand	the	genet	and	phenotyp	basi	for	dpd	deficiency,	we	have	review	17	famili	present	22	patient	with	complet	defici	of	dpd.	In	thi	group	of	patients,	7	differ	mutat	have	been	identified,	includ	2	delet	[295-298deltcat,	1897delc],	1	splice-sit	mutat	[ivs14	+	1G	>	a)]	and	4	missens	mutat	(85t	>	C,	703c	>	T,	2658g	>	A,	2983g	>	t).	analysi	of	the	preval	of	the	variou	mutat	among	dpd	patient	ha	shown	that	the	g--	>	A	point	mutat	in	the	invari	splice	donor	site	is	by	far	the	most	common	(52%),	wherea	the	other	six	mutat	are	less	frequent	observed.	A	larg	phenotyp	variabl	ha	been	observed,	with	convuls	disorders,	motor	retard	and	mental	retard	be	the	most	abund	manifestations.	A	clear	correl	between	the	genotyp	and	phenotyp	ha	not	been	established.	An	alter	beta-alanine,	uracil	and	thymin	homeostasi	might	underli	the	variou	clinic	abnorm	encount	in	patient	with	dpd	defici
1323345	molecular	character	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	by	natur	and	amplif	creat	restrict	sites:	five	mutat	account	for	most	g6pd	defici	case	in	taiwan.	We	have	develop	a	rapid	and	simpl	method	to	diagnos	the	molecular	defect	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	in	chines	in	taiwan.	thi	method	involv	the	select	amplif	of	a	dna	fragment	from	human	g6pd	gene	with	specif	oligonucleotid	primer	follow	by	digest	with	restrict	enzym	that	recogn	artifici	creat	or	natur	occur	restrict	sites.	ninety-four	chines	male	with	g6pd	defici	were	studied.	the	result	show	that	50%	(47	of	94)	were	G	to	T	mutat	at	nucleotid	(nt)	1376,	21.	3%	(20	of	94)	were	G	to	A	mutat	at	nt	1388,	7.	4%	(7	of	94)	were	A	to	G	mutat	at	nt	493,	7.	4%	(7	of	94)	were	A	to	G	mutat	at	nt	95,	4.	2%	(4	of	94)	were	C	to	T	mutat	at	nt	1024,	1.	1%	(1	of	94)	wa	G	to	T	mutat	at	nt	392,	and	1.	1%	(1	of	94)	wa	G	to	A	mutat	at	nt	487.	these	result	show	that	the	former	five	mutat	account	for	more	than	90%	of	g6pd	defici	case	in	taiwan.	asid	from	show	that	G	to	T	chang	at	nt	1376	is	the	most	common	mutation,	our	research	indic	that	nt	493	mutat	is	a	frequent	mutat	among	chines	in	taiwan.	We	compar	g6pd	activ	among	differ	mutations,	without	discov	signific	differ	between	them
2828430	homozyg	hypobetalipoproteinemia:	a	diseas	distinct	from	abetalipoproproteinemia	at	the	molecular	level.	apob	dna,	rna,	and	protein	from	two	patient	with	homozyg	hypobetalipoproteinemia	(hbl)	were	evalu	and	compar	with	normal	individuals.	southern	blot	analysi	with	10	differ	cdna	probe	reveal	a	normal	gene	without	major	insertions,	deletions,	or	rearrangements.	northern	and	slot	blot	analys	of	total	liver	mrna	from	hbl	patient	document	a	normal	size	apob	mrna	that	wa	present	in	greatli	reduc	quantities.	apob	protein	wa	detect	within	hbl	hepatocyt	util	immunohistochem	techniques;	however,	it	wa	markedli	reduc	in	quantiti	when	compar	with	control	samples.	No	apob	wa	detect	in	the	plasma	of	hbl	individu	with	an	elisa	assay.	these	data	are	most	consist	with	a	mutat	in	the	code	portion	of	the	apob	gene	in	hbl	patients,	lead	to	an	abnorm	apob	protein	and	apob	mrna	instability.	these	result	are	distinct	from	those	previous	note	in	abetalipoproteinemia,	which	wa	character	by	an	elev	level	of	hepat	apob	mrna	and	accumul	of	intracellular	hepat	apob	protein.
10471457	A	population-bas	studi	of	the	clinic	express	of	the	hemochromatosi	gene.	background	and	method	hereditari	hemochromatosi	is	associ	with	homozygos	for	the	c282i	mutat	in	the	hemochromatosi	(hfe)	gene	on	chromosom	6,	elev	serum	transferrin	saturation,	and	excess	iron	deposit	throughout	the	body.	To	assess	the	preval	and	clinic	express	of	the	hfe	gene,	we	conduct	a	population-bas	studi	in	busselton,	australia.	In	1994,	we	obtain	blood	sampl	for	the	determin	of	serum	transferrin	satur	and	ferritin	level	and	the	presenc	or	absenc	of	the	c282i	mutat	and	the	h63d	mutat	(which	may	contribut	to	increas	hepat	iron	levels)	in	3011	unrel	white	adults.	We	evalu	all	subject	who	had	persist	elev	transferrin-satur	valu	(45	percent	or	higher)	or	were	homozyg	for	the	c282i	mutation.	We	recommend	liver	biopsi	for	subject	with	serum	ferritin	level	of	300	ng	per	millilit	or	higher.	the	subject	were	follow	for	up	to	four	years.	result	sixteen	of	the	subject	(0.	5	percent)	were	homozyg	for	the	c282i	mutation,	and	424	(14.	1	percent)	were	heterozygous.	the	serum	transferrin	satur	wa	45	percent	or	higher	in	15	of	the	16	who	were	homozygous;	in	1	subject	it	wa	43	percent.	four	of	the	homozyg	subject	had	previous	been	given	a	diagnosi	of	hemochromatosis,	and	12	had	not.	seven	of	these	12	patient	had	elev	serum	ferritin	level	in	1994;	6	of	the	7	had	further	increas	in	1998,	and	1	had	a	decrease,	although	the	valu	remain	elevated.	the	serum	ferritin	level	in	the	four	other	homozyg	patient	remain	in	the	normal	range.	eleven	of	the	16	homozyg	subject	underw	liver	biopsy;	3	had	hepat	fibrosis,	and	1,	who	had	a	histori	of	excess	alcohol	consumption,	had	cirrhosi	and	mild	microvesicular	steatosis.	eight	of	the	16	homozyg	subject	had	clinic	find	that	were	consist	with	the	presenc	of	hereditari	hemochromatosis,	such	as	hepatomegaly,	skin	pigmentation,	and	arthritis.	conclus	In	a	popul	of	white	adult	of	northern	european	ancestry,	0.	5	percent	were	homozyg	for	the	c282i	mutat	in	the	hfe	gene.	however,	onli	half	of	those	who	were	homozyg	had	clinic	featur	of	hemochromatosis,	and	one	quarter	had	serum	ferritin	level	that	remain	normal	over	a	four-year	period
7574457	overexpress	of	dm20	messeng	rna	in	two	brother	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	is	a	rare,	sex-link	recessive,	dysmyelin	diseas	of	the	central	nervou	system	that	ha	been	associ	with	mutat	in	the	myelin	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene.	onli	25%	of	patient	studi	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	have	exon	mutat	in	thi	gene,	the	underli	caus	of	the	diseas	in	the	remain	patient	is	unknown.	the	plp	gene	encod	two	major	altern	splice	transcript	call	plp	and	dm20.	plp	messeng	rna	is	specif	express	in	central	nervou	system	tissue,	wherea	dm20	messeng	rna	is	found	in	central	nervou	system,	cardiac,	and	other	tissues.	We	studi	cultur	skin	fibroblast	from	2	brother	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	who	exhibit	no	detect	exon	mutat	of	the	plp	gene.	examin	of	rna	from	these	cell	show	that	the	level	of	dm20	messeng	rna	is	elev	sixfold	rel	to	male	control	skin	fibroblasts.	An	unrel	femal	carrier,	also	with	no	detect	exon	mutation,	show	a	threefold	increas	in	dm20	messeng	rna	in	cultur	skin	fibroblasts.	our	find	suggest	that	in	some	patients,	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	is	caus	by	overexpress	of	plp	gene	transcripts,	and	that	in	these	famili	a	50%	increas	of	dm20	messeng	rna	in	females,	rel	to	the	increas	in	affect	males,	can	identifi	a	femal	carrier.
10466420	homozygos	for	a	novel	dtdst	mutat	in	a	child	with	a	'broad	bone-platyspondylic'	variant	of	diastroph	dysplasia.	atyp	or	variant	form	of	well-known	chondrodysplasia	may	pose	diagnost	problems.	We	report	on	a	girl	with	clinic	featur	suggest	diastroph	dysplasia	but	with	unusu	radiograph	featur	includ	sever	platyspondyly,	wide	metaphyses,	and	fibular	overgrowth,	which	are	partial	reminisc	of	metatrop	dysplasia.	the	diagnosi	wa	clarifi	by	molecular	analysi	of	the	dtdst	gene,	which	reveal	homozygos	for	a	previous	undescrib	mutat	lead	to	a	q454p	substitut	in	the	10th	transmembran	domain	of	the	dtdst	sulfat	transporter.	molecular	analysi	may	be	of	particular	valu	in	such	atyp	cases.
1676565	carrier	detect	and	prenat	diagnosi	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	use	a	combin	of	anonym	dna	polymorph	and	the	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene	cdna.	We	report	carrier	identif	and	a	prenat	diagnosi	use	dna	polymorph	in	2	famili	with	x-link	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(pmd).	In	both	families,	the	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene	in	the	singl	affect	male	could	be	trace	back	to	hi	unaffect	matern	grandfather.	therefore,	each	famili	contain	a	new	mutation.	In	the	case	of	the	prenat	diagnosis,	the	fetu	wa	shown	by	cytogenet	analysi	to	be	a	female,	who	we	predict	will	be	a	noncarri	of	pmd	base	on	her	genotyp	with	the	plp	intragen	polymorphism.
1776638	gardner	syndrom	in	a	boy	with	interstiti	delet	of	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	5.	We	describ	a	15-year-old	boy	with	gardner	syndrom	(gs),	mental	retardation,	and	craniofaci	abnormalities.	high-resolut	band	analysi	show	an	interstiti	delet	of	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	5	(q22.	1----q31	1----q31.	1).	the	breakpoint	in	the	present	case	and	in	3	previous	report	5q-	patient	with	adenomat	polyposi	coli	suggest	that	the	gene	respons	for	gs/or	famili	polyposi	coli	(fpc)	is	in	the	5q22	region,	a	result	consist	with	the	find	of	linkag	studi
1577763	type	I	human	complement	C2	deficiency.	A	28-base	pair	gene	delet	caus	skip	of	exon	6	dure	rna	splicing.	two	variant	of	a	genet	defici	of	complement	protein	C2	(c2d)	have	been	previous	identified.	No	C2	protein	translat	is	detect	in	type	I	deficiency,	while	type	II	defici	is	character	by	a	select	block	in	C2	secretion.	type	I	C2	defici	wa	describ	in	a	famili	in	which	the	C2	null	allel	(c2q0)	is	associ	with	the	major	histocompat	haplotype/complotyp	hla-a25,	b18,	c2q0,	bfs,	c4a4,	c4b2,	drw2;	thi	extend	haplotyp	occur	in	over	90%	of	c2-defici	individu	(common	complotype/haplotype).	To	determin	the	molecular	basi	of	type	I	C2	deficiency,	the	C2	gene	and	cdna	were	character	from	a	homozyg	type	I	c2-defici	individu	with	the	common	associ	haplotype/complotype.	We	found	a	28-base	pair	delet	in	the	type	I	c2q0	gene,	begin	9	base	pair	upstream	of	the	3-end	of	exon	6,	that	gener	a	C2	transcript	with	a	complet	delet	of	exon	6	(134	base	pair)	and	a	prematur	termin	codon.	In	studi	of	eight	kindred,	the	28-base	pair	delet	wa	observ	in	all	c2q0	allel	associ	with	the	common	type	I	defici	complotype/haplotype;	thi	delet	wa	not	present	in	normal	C2	nor	in	type	II	c2-defici	genes.	these	data	demonstr	that	1)	type	I	human	complement	C2	defici	is	caus	by	a	28-base	pair	genom	delet	that	caus	skip	of	exon	6	dure	rna	splicing,	result	in	gener	of	a	prematur	termin	codon,	2)	the	28-base	pair	delet	in	the	type	I	c2q0	gene	is	strongli	associ	with	the	hla	haplotype/complotyp	a25,	b18,	c2q0,	bfs,	c4a4,	c4b2,	drw2,	suggest	that	all	c2-defici	individu	with	thi	haplotype/complotyp	will	harbor	the	28-base	pair	C2	gene	deletion,	and	3)	type	II	C2	defici	is	caus	by	a	different,	as	yet	uncharacterized,	molecular	genet	defect.
10767339	(over)correct	of	fmr1	defici	with	yac	transgenics:	behavior	and	physic	features.	fragil	X	syndrom	is	a	common	caus	of	mental	retard	involv	loss	of	express	of	the	fmr1	gene.	the	role	of	fmr1	remain	undetermin	but	the	protein	appear	to	be	involv	in	rna	metabolism.	fmr1	knockout	mice	exhibit	a	phenotyp	with	some	similar	to	humans,	such	as	macroorchid	and	behavior	abnormalities.	As	a	step	toward	understand	the	function	of	fmr1	and	the	determin	of	the	potenti	for	therapeut	approach	to	fragil	X	syndrome,	yeast	artifici	chromosom	(yac)	transgen	mice	were	gener	in	order	to	determin	whether	the	fmr1	knockout	mous	phenotyp	could	be	rescued.	sever	transgen	line	were	gener	that	carri	the	entir	fmr1	locu	with	extens	amount	of	flank	sequence.	We	observ	that	the	yac	transgen	support	product	of	the	human	protein	(fmrp)	which	wa	present	at	level	10	to	15	time	that	of	endogen	protein	and	wa	express	in	a	cell-	and	tissue-specif	manner.	macro-orchid	wa	absent	in	knockout	mice	carri	the	yac	transgen	indic	function	rescu	by	the	human	protein.	given	the	complex	behavior	phenotyp	in	fragil	X	patient	and	the	mild	phenotyp	previous	report	for	the	fmr1	knockout	mouse,	we	perform	a	more	thorough	evalu	of	the	fmr1	knockout	phenotyp	use	addit	behavior	assay	that	had	not	previous	been	report	for	thi	anim	model.	the	mous	display	reduc	anxiety-rel	respons	with	increas	exploratori	behavior.	fmr1	yac	transgen	mice	overexpress	the	human	protein	did	produc	oppos	behavior	respons	and	addit	abnorm	behavior	were	also	observed.	these	find	have	signific	implic	for	gene	therapi	for	fragil	X	syndrom	sinc	overexpress	of	the	gene	may	harbor	it	own	phenotype.
10208848	fabri	disease:	identif	of	novel	alpha-galactosidas	A	mutat	and	molecular	carrier	detect	by	use	of	fluoresc	chemic	cleavag	of	mismatches.	fabri	diseas	(fd)	(angiokeratoma	corpori	diffusum)	is	an	x-link	inborn	error	of	glycosphingolipid	metabol	caus	by	defect	in	the	lysosom	alpha-galactosidas	A	gene	(gla).	the	enzymat	defect	lead	to	the	system	accumul	of	neutral	glycosphingolipid	with	termin	alpha-galactosyl	moieties.	clinically,	affect	hemizyg	male	have	angiokeratoma,	sever	acroparesthesia,	renal	failure,	and	vasculopathi	of	the	heart	and	brain.	while	demonstr	of	alpha-galactosidas	defici	in	leukocyt	is	diagnost	in	affect	males,	enzymat	detect	of	femal	carrier	is	often	inconclusive,	due	to	random	x-chromosom	inactivation,	underlin	the	need	of	molecular	investig	for	accur	genet	counseling.	By	use	of	chemic	cleavag	of	mismatch	adapt	to	fluorescence-bas	detect	systems,	we	have	character	the	mutat	underli	alpha-g	A	defici	in	16	individu	from	six	unrel	famili	with	fd.	the	mutat	spectrum	includ	five	missens	mutat	(c202w,	c223g,	n224d,	r301q,	and	q327k)	and	one	splice-sit	mutat	[ivs3	G	(-1)	--	>	c].	studi	at	the	mrna	level	show	that	the	latter	led	to	alter	pre-mrna	splice	with	consequ	alter	of	the	mrna	translat	read	frame	and	gener	of	a	prematur	termin	codon	of	translation.	By	use	of	thi	strategy,	carrier	statu	wa	accur	assess	in	all	seven	at-risk	femal	tested,	wherea	enzymat	dosag	fail	to	diagnos	or	exclud	heterozygosity.
8533768	evid	for	linkag	of	bipolar	disord	to	chromosom	18	with	a	parent-of-origin	effect.	A	suscept	gene	on	chromosom	18	and	a	parent-of-origin	effect	have	been	suggest	for	bipolar	affect	disord	(bpad).	We	have	studi	28	nuclear	famili	select	for	appar	unilin	transmiss	of	the	bpad	phenotype,	by	use	31	polymorph	marker	span	chromosom	18.	evid	for	linkag	wa	test	with	affected-sib-pair	and	lod	score	method	under	two	definit	of	the	affect	phenotype.	the	affected-sibpair	analys	indic	excess	allel	share	for	marker	on	18p	within	the	region	report	previously.	the	greatest	share	wa	at	d18s37	64%	in	bipolar	and	recurr	unipolar	(rup)	sib	pair	(P	=.	0006).	In	addition,	excess	share	of	the	paternally,	but	not	maternally,	transmit	allel	wa	observ	at	three	marker	on	18q	at	d18s41,	51	bipolar	and	rup	sib	pair	were	concord	for	patern	transmit	alleles,	and	21	pair	were	discord	(P	=	0004).	the	evid	for	linkag	to	loci	on	both	18p	and	18q	wa	strongest	in	the	11	patern	pedigrees,	i.	e	e.,	those	in	which	the	father	or	one	of	the	father	sib	is	affected.	In	these	pedigrees,	the	greatest	allel	share	(81%;	P	=.	00002)	and	the	highest	lod	score	(3.	51;	phi	=	0.	0)	were	observ	at	d18s41.	our	result	provid	further	support	for	linkag	of	bpad	to	chromosom	18	and	the	first	molecular	evid	for	a	parent-of-origin	effect	oper	in	thi	disorder.	the	number	of	loci	involved,	and	their	precis	location,	requir	further	stud
8531967	brca1	mutat	in	a	population-bas	sampl	of	young	women	with	breast	cancer.	background.	inherit	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene	are	associ	with	a	high	risk	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	in	some	families.	however,	littl	is	known	about	the	contribut	of	brca1	mutat	to	breast	cancer	in	the	gener	population.	We	analyz	dna	sampl	from	women	enrol	in	a	population-bas	studi	of	early-onset	breast	cancer	to	assess	the	spectrum	and	frequenc	of	germ-lin	brca1	mutat	in	young	women	with	breast	cancer.	methods.	We	studi	80	women	in	whom	breast	cancer	wa	diagnos	befor	the	age	of	35,	and	who	were	not	select	on	the	basi	of	famili	history.	genom	dna	wa	studi	for	brca1	mutat	by	analysi	involv	single-strand	conform	polymorph	and	with	allele-specif	assays.	alter	were	defin	by	dna	sequencing.	results.	germ-lin	brca1	mutat	were	identifi	in	6	of	the	80	women.	four	addit	rare	sequenc	variant	of	unknown	function	import	were	also	identified.	two	of	the	mutat	and	three	of	the	rare	sequenc	variant	were	found	among	the	39	women	who	report	no	famili	histori	of	breast	or	ovarian	cancer.	none	of	the	mutat	and	onli	one	of	the	rare	variant	wa	identifi	in	a	refer	popul	of	73	unrel	subjects.	conclusions.	alter	in	brca1	were	identifi	in	approxim	10	percent	of	thi	cohort	of	young	women	with	breast	cancer.	the	risk	of	harbor	a	mutat	wa	not	limit	to	women	with	famili	histori	of	breast	or	ovarian	cancer.	these	result	repres	a	minim	estim	of	the	frequenc	of	brca1	mutat	in	thi	population.	comprehens	method	of	identifi	brca1	mutat	and	understand	their	import	will	be	need	befor	test	of	women	in	the	gener	popul	can	be	undertaken.
10915776	retinoschisin,	the	x-link	retinoschisi	protein,	is	a	secret	photoreceptor	protein,	and	is	express	and	releas	by	weri-rb1	cells.	x-link	retinoschisi	is	character	by	microcystic-lik	chang	of	the	macular	region	and	schisi	within	the	inner	retin	layers,	lead	to	visual	deterior	in	males.	mani	missens	and	protein-trunc	mutat	of	the	caus	gene	rs1	have	now	been	identifi	and	are	thought	to	be	inactivating.	rs1	encod	a	224	amino	acid	protein,	retinoschisin,	which	contain	a	discoidin	domain	but	is	of	unknown	function.	We	have	gener	a	polyclon	antibodi	against	a	peptid	from	a	uniqu	region	within	retinoschisin,	which	detect	a	protein	of	approxim	28	kda	in	retin	sampl	reduc	with	dithiothreitol,	but	multim	size	>	40	kda	under	non-reduc	conditions.	A	screen	of	human	tissu	with	thi	antibodi	reveal	retinoschisin	to	be	retina	specif	and	the	antibodi	detect	a	protein	of	similar	size	in	bovin	and	murin	retinae.	We	investig	the	express	pattern	in	the	retina	of	both	rs1	mrna	(use	in	situ	hybrid	with	riboprobes)	and	retinoschisin	(use	immunohistochemistry).	the	antisens	riboprob	detect	rs1	mrna	onli	in	the	photoreceptor	layer	but	the	protein	product	of	the	gene	wa	present	both	in	the	photoreceptor	and	within	the	inner	portion	of	the	retina.	furthermore,	differenti	retinoblastoma	cell	(weri-rb1	cells)	were	found	to	express	rs1	mrna	and	to	releas	retinoschisin.	these	result	suggest	that	retinoschisin	is	releas	by	photo-receptor	and	ha	function	within	the	inner	retin	layers.	thus,	x-link	retinoschisi	is	caus	by	abnorm	in	a	put	secret	photoreceptor	protein	and	is	the	first	exampl	of	a	secret	photo-receptor	protein	associ	with	a	retin	dystrophy.
1302003	aberr	splice	of	the	chm	gene	is	a	signific	caus	of	choroideremia.	choroideremia	(chm)	is	an	x-link	progress	degener	of	the	choroid	and	retina.	12%	of	unrel	male	patient	carri	delet	of	the	partial	clone	chm	gene.	In	finland,	there	are	more	than	120	live	chm	patient	belong	to	eight	appar	unrel	pedigrees.	molecular	delet	involv	the	chm	gene	have	been	detect	in	three	families.	We	have	screen	the	remain	five	famili	for	point	mutations.	In	one	larg	famili	a	singl	nucleotid	(t)	insert	into	the	donor	splice	site	of	exon	C	lead	to	two	aberrantli	splice	mrna	both	produc	a	prematur	stop	codon.	the	mutat	can	be	assay	easili	by	amplif	and	digest	with	msel.	our	find	provid	addit	evid	for	the	pathogenet	role	of	chm	mutat	and	provid	a	diagnost	tool	for	one	fifth	of	the	world	known	chm	patients.
7811247	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald):	a	novel	mutat	of	the	ald	gene	in	6	member	of	a	famili	present	with	5	differ	phenotypes.	fragment	of	the	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	cdna	from	a	patient	with	adolesc	ald	were	amplifi	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	and	subcloned.	bidirect	sequenc	of	the	entir	code	ald	gene	disclos	a	cytosin	to	guanin	transvers	at	nucleotid	1451	in	exon	five,	result	in	substitut	of	prolin	484	by	arginine.	five	of	nine	sibl	of	the	patient,	compris	two	cerebr	ald,	one	adrenomyeloneuropathy,	one	addison	onli	as	well	as	the	symptomat	mother	(all	accumul	veri	long	chain	fatti	acids)	carri	thi	mutation,	which	wa	not	found	in	the	unaffect	persons,	in	five	unrel	ald	patients,	and	in	twenti	controls.	We	propos	that	thi	missens	mutat	gener	the	diseas	per	se	as	well	as	the	metabol	defect;	the	differ	phenotypes,	however,	must	have	origin	by	mean	of	addit	pathogenet	factors.
2352258	statist	analysi	of	the	two	stage	mutat	model	in	von	hippel-lindau	disease,	and	in	sporad	cerebellar	haemangioblastoma	and	renal	cell	carcinoma.	analysi	of	the	age	incid	curv	for	unilater	and	bilater	retinoblastoma	led	knudson	to	propos	that	hereditari	tumour	may	aris	by	a	singl	event	and	sporad	tumour	by	a	two	stage	mutat	process.	It	ha	been	suggest	recent	that	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma	may	aris	from	a	two	stage	mutat	process.	We	analys	the	age	incid	curv	for	symptomat	renal	cell	carcinoma	(n	=	26)	and	cerebellar	haemangioblastoma	(n	=	68)	in	109	patient	with	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	disease,	and	compar	them	to	104	patient	with	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma	and	43	patient	with	sporad	cerebellar	haemangioblastoma.	the	age	incid	curv	for	renal	cell	carcinoma	and	cerebellar	haemangioblastoma	in	vhl	diseas	were	compat	with	a	singl	mutat	model,	wherea	the	age	incid	curv	for	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma	and	cerebellar	haemangioblastoma	suggest	a	two	stage	mutat	process.	these	data	are	compat	with	the	vhl	gene	function	as	a	recess	tumour	suppressor	gene.	sporad	cerebellar	haemangioblastoma	and	some	renal	cell	carcinoma	may	aris	from	somat	mutat	inactiv	both	allel	at	the	vhl	locus.
10364518	character	of	a	germlin	mosaic	in	famili	with	low	syndrome,	and	identif	of	seven	novel	mutat	in	the	ocrl1	gene.	the	oculocerebroren	syndrom	of	low	(ocrl)	is	an	x-link	disord	character	by	major	abnorm	of	eyes,	nervou	system,	and	kidneys.	mutat	in	the	ocrl1	gene	have	been	associ	with	the	disease.	ocrl1	encod	a	phosphatidylinositol	4,	5-biphosph	(ptdin	[4,	5]	p2)	5-phosphatase.	We	have	examin	the	ocrl1	gene	in	eight	unrel	patient	with	ocrl	and	have	found	seven	new	mutat	and	one	recurr	in-fram	deletion.	among	the	new	mutations,	two	nonsens	mutat	(r317x	and	e558x)	and	three	other	frameshift	mutat	caus	prematur	termin	of	the	protein.	A	missens	mutation,	r483g,	wa	locat	in	the	highli	conserv	ptdin	(4,	5)	P2	5-phosphatas	domain.	finally,	one	frameshift	mutation,	2799delc,	modifi	the	c-termin	part	of	ocrl1,	with	an	extens	of	six	amino	acids.	altogether,	70%	of	missens	mutat	are	locat	in	exon	15,	and	52%	of	all	mutat	cluster	in	exon	11-15.	We	also	identifi	two	new	microsatellit	marker	for	the	ocrl1	locus,	and	we	detect	a	germlin	mosaic	in	one	family.	thi	observ	ha	direct	implic	for	genet	counsel	of	low	syndrom	families.
10449429	aminoglycosid	antibiot	restor	dystrophin	function	to	skelet	muscl	of	mdx	mice.	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	dystrophin	gene,	lead	to	the	absenc	of	the	dystrophin	protein	in	striat	muscle.	A	signific	number	of	these	mutat	are	prematur	stop	codons.	On	the	basi	of	the	observ	that	aminoglycosid	treatment	can	suppress	stop	codon	in	cultur	cells,	we	test	the	effect	of	gentamicin	on	cultur	muscl	cell	from	the	mdx	mous	-	an	anim	model	for	dmd	that	possess	a	prematur	stop	codon	in	the	dystrophin	gene.	exposur	of	mdx	myotub	to	gentamicin	led	to	the	express	and	local	of	dystrophin	to	the	cell	membrane.	We	then	evalu	the	effect	of	differ	dosag	of	gentamicin	on	express	and	function	protect	of	the	muscl	of	mdx	mice.	We	identifi	a	treatment	regimen	that	result	in	the	presenc	of	dystrophin	in	the	cell	membran	in	all	striat	muscl	examin	and	that	provid	function	protect	against	muscular	injury.	To	our	knowledge,	our	result	are	the	first	to	demonstr	that	aminoglycosid	can	suppress	stop	codon	not	onli	in	vitro	but	also	in	vivo.	furthermore,	these	result	rais	the	possibl	of	a	novel	treatment	regimen	for	muscular	dystrophi	and	other	diseas	caus	by	prematur	stop	codon	mutations.	thi	treatment	could	prove	effect	in	up	to	15%	of	patient	with	dmd.
1939657	molecular	and	metabol	basi	for	the	metabol	disord	normotriglyceridem	abetalipoproteinemia.	We	have	previous	describ	a	disorder,	normotriglyceridem	abetalipoproteinemia,	that	is	character	by	the	virtual	absenc	of	plasma	low	densiti	lipoprotein	and	complet	absenc	of	apob-100,	but	with	appar	normal	secret	of	triglyceride-rich	lipoprotein	contain	apob-48.	the	patient	plasma	lipoprotein	were	shown	on	polyacrylamid	gel	and	by	antibodi	map	to	have	a	new	truncat	apob	variant,	apob-50,	circul	along	with	her	apob-48.	We	have	found	thi	individu	to	be	homozyg	for	a	singl	c-to-t	nucleotid	substitut	at	apob	codon	2252,	which	produc	a	prematur	in-fram	stop	codon.	thus,	thi	is	a	rare	exampl	of	homozyg	hypobetalipoproteinemia.	electron	photomicrograph	reveal	that	the	diamet	of	particl	in	the	d	less	than	1.	006	g/ml	lipoprotein	fraction,	in	both	the	postprandi	and	postabsorpt	state,	are	bimod	distributed.	the	molar	ratio	of	apo	to	apob	in	these	particl	is	3.	5	1,	similar	to	normal	vldl.	the	plasma	ldl	interv	contain	both	spheric	and	cuboid	particles.	autolog	reinfus	of	label	d	less	than	1.	006	g/ml	lipoprotein	show	exponenti	disappear	from	plasma,	with	an	appar	half-remov	time	of	50	min,	somewhat	slower	than	for	normal	chylomicron	but	within	the	normal	rang	for	vldl.	the	calcul	product	rate	for	apob	wa	within	the	normal	rang	in	thi	subject
1409710	von	willebrand	diseas	type	B:	a	missens	mutat	select	abolish	ristocetin-induc	von	willebrand	factor	bind	to	platelet	glycoprotein	ib.	von	willebrand	factor	(vwf)	is	a	multimer	glycoprotein	that	mediat	the	adhes	of	platelet	to	the	subendothelium	by	bind	to	platelet	glycoprotein	ib.	for	human	vwf,	thi	interact	can	be	induc	in	vitro	by	the	antibiot	ristocetin	or	the	snake	venom	protein	botrocetin.	A	missens	mutation,	gly-561--	>	ser,	wa	identifi	within	the	propos	glycoprotein	Ib	bind	domain	of	vwf	in	the	proband	with	von	willebrand	diseas	type	B,	a	uniqu	variant	character	by	no	ristocetin-induced,	but	normal	botrocetin-induced,	bind	to	glycoprotein	ib.	the	correspond	mutant	recombin	protein,	rvwf	(g561s),	form	normal	multim	and	exhibit	the	same	function	defect	as	the	patient	plasma	vwf,	confirm	that	thi	mutat	caus	von	willebrand	diseas	type	B.	these	data	show	that	botrocetin	and	ristocetin	cofactor	activ	of	vwf	can	be	dissoci	by	a	point	mutat	and	confirm	that	these	mediat	promot	vwf	bind	to	platelet	by	differ	mechanisms.	the	normal	botrocetin-induc	bind	and	the	defect	ristocetin-induc	bind	of	rvwf	(g561s)	suggest	that	the	primari	defect	in	von	willebrand	diseas	type	B	may	be	a	failur	of	normal	alloster	regul	of	the	glycoprotein	Ib	bind	function	of	vwf.
8554067	A	high	incid	of	brca1	mutat	in	20	breast-ovarian	cancer	families.	We	have	analyz	20	breast-ovarian	cancer	families,	the	major	of	which	show	posit	evid	of	linkag	to	chromosom	17q12	for	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene.	brca1	mutat	cosegreg	with	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	were	identifi	in	16	families,	includ	1	famili	with	a	case	of	male	breast	cancer.	nine	of	these	mutat	have	not	been	report	previously.	the	major	of	mutat	were	found	to	gener	a	prematur	stop	codon	lead	to	the	format	of	a	truncat	brca1	protein	of	2%	-88%	of	the	expect	normal	length.	two	mutat	alter	the	ring	finger	domain.	sequenc	of	genom	dna	led	to	the	identif	of	a	mutat	in	the	code	region	of	brca1	in	12	families,	and	cdna	analysi	reveal	an	abnorm	or	miss	brca1	transcript	in	4	of	the	8	remain	families.	A	total	of	eight	mutat	were	associ	with	a	reduc	quantiti	of	brca1	transcript.	We	were	unabl	to	detect	brca1	mutat	in	4	of	the	20	families,	but	onli	1	of	these	wa	clearli	link	to	brca1.	It	is	expect	that	the	major	of	clear	exampl	of	the	breast-ovarian	syndrom	will	be	associ	with	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	code	region	of	brca1.
8244393	assign	of	the	human	na+/glucos	cotransport	gene	sglt1	to	chromosom	22q13.1.	the	Na	+/glucos	cotransport	gene	sglt1	encod	the	primari	carrier	protein	respons	for	the	uptak	of	the	dietari	sugar	glucos	and	galactos	from	the	intestin	lumen.	sglt1	transport	activ	is	current	exploit	in	oral	rehydr	therapy.	the	75-kda	glycoprotein	is	local	in	the	brush	border	of	the	intestin	epithelium	and	is	predict	to	compris	12	membran	spans.	In	two	patient	with	the	autosom	recess	diseas	glucose/galactos	malabsorption,	the	underli	caus	wa	found	to	be	a	missens	mutat	in	sglt1,	and	the	asp28--	>	asn	chang	wa	demonstr	in	vitro	to	elimin	sglt1	transport	activity.	the	sglt1	gene	wa	previous	shown	to	resid	on	the	distal	q	arm	of	chromosom	22	(11.	2--	>	qter).	We	have	use	a	cosmid	probe	for	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridization,	which	refin	the	local	to	22q13.	1,	and	provid	an	exampl	of	the	util	of	the	sglt1	probe	as	a	diagnost	for	genet	diseas	associ	with	transloc	of	chromosom	22
1384323	A	pseudodefici	allel	common	in	non-jewish	tay-sach	carriers:	implic	for	carrier	screening.	defici	of	beta-hexosaminidas	A	(hex	A)	activ	typic	result	in	tay-sach	disease.	however,	healthi	subject	found	to	be	defici	in	hex	A	activ	(i.	e.,	pseudodeficient)	by	mean	of	in	vitro	biochem	test	have	been	described.	We	analyz	the	hexa	gene	of	one	pseudodefici	subject	and	identifi	both	a	c739-to-t	substitut	that	chang	arg247----trp	on	one	allel	and	a	previous	identifi	tay-sach	diseas	mutat	on	the	second	allele.	six	addit	pseudodefici	subject	were	found	to	have	the	c739-to-t	mutation.	thi	allel	account	for	32%	(20/62)	of	non-jewish	enzyme-defin	tay-sach	diseas	carrier	but	for	none	of	36	jewish	enzyme-defin	carrier	who	did	not	have	one	of	three	known	mutat	common	to	thi	group.	the	c739-to-t	allele,	togeth	with	a	"	true	"	tay-sach	diseas	allele,	caus	hex	A	pseudodeficiency.	given	both	the	larg	proport	of	non-jewish	carrier	with	thi	allel	and	that	standard	biochem	screen	cannot	differenti	between	heterozygot	for	the	c739-to-t	mutat	and	tay-sach	diseas	carriers,	dna	test	for	thi	mutat	in	at-risk	coupl	is	essenti
1307230	the	presenc	of	two	differ	infantil	tay-sach	diseas	mutat	in	a	cajun	population.	A	studi	wa	undertaken	to	character	the	mutat	(s)	respons	for	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	in	a	cajun	popul	in	southwest	louisiana	and	to	identifi	the	origin	of	these	mutations.	eleven	of	12	infantil	tsd	allel	examin	in	six	famili	had	the	beta-hexosaminidas	A	(hex	A)	alpha-subunit	exon	11	insert	mutat	that	is	present	in	approxim	70%	of	ashkenazi	jewish	tsd	heterozygotes.	the	mutat	in	the	remain	allel	wa	a	single-bas	transit	in	the	donor	splice	site	of	the	alpha-subunit	intron	9.	To	determin	the	origin	of	these	two	mutat	in	the	cajun	population,	the	tsd	carrier	statu	wa	enzymat	determin	for	90	member	of	four	of	the	six	families,	and	extens	pedigre	were	construct	for	all	carriers.	A	singl	ancestr	coupl	from	franc	wa	found	to	be	common	to	most	of	the	carrier	of	the	exon	11	insertion.	pedigre	data	suggest	that	thi	mutat	ha	been	in	the	cajun	popul	sinc	it	found	over	2	centuri	ago	and	that	it	may	be	wide	distribut	within	the	population.	In	contrast,	the	intron	9	mutat	appar	wa	introduc	within	the	last	centuri	and	probabl	is	limit	to	a	few	louisiana	families.
8088831	canavan	disease:	genom	organ	and	local	of	human	aspa	to	17p13-ter	and	conserv	of	the	aspa	gene	dure	evolution.	canavan	disease,	or	spongi	degener	of	the	brain,	is	a	sever	leukodystrophi	caus	by	the	defici	of	aspartoacylas	(aspa).	recently,	a	missens	mutat	wa	identifi	in	human	aspa	code	sequenc	from	patient	with	canavan	disease.	the	human	aspa	gene	ha	been	clone	and	found	to	span	29	kb	of	the	genome.	human	aspartoacylas	is	code	by	six	exon	interven	by	five	introns.	the	exon	vari	from	94	(exon	iii)	to	514	(exon	vi)	bases.	the	exon/intron	splice	junction	site	follow	the	gt/ag	consensu	sequenc	rule.	southern	blot	analysi	of	genom	dna	from	human/mous	somat	cell	hybrid	cell	line	local	aspa	to	human	chromosom	17.	the	human	aspa	locu	wa	further	map	in	the	17p13-ter	region	by	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridization.	the	bovin	aspa	gene	ha	also	been	cloned,	and	it	exon/intron	organ	is	ident	to	that	of	the	human	gene.	the	500-base	sequenc	upstream	of	the	initi	atg	codon	in	the	human	gene	and	that	in	the	bovin	gene	are	77%	identical.	human	aspa	code	sequenc	cross-hybrid	with	genom	dna	from	yeast,	chicken,	rabbit,	cow,	dog,	mouse,	rat,	and	monkey.	the	specif	of	cross-speci	hybrid	of	code	sequenc	suggest	that	aspartoacylas	ha	been	conserv	dure	evolution.	It	should	now	be	possibl	to	identifi	mutat	in	the	noncod	genom	sequenc	that	lead	to	canavan	diseas	and	to	studi	the	regul	of	aspa.
6524872	adrenoleukodystrophy:	survey	of	303	cases:	biochemistry,	diagnosis,	and	therapy.	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	is	a	genet	determin	disord	associ	with	progress	central	demyelin	and	adren	cortic	insufficiency.	all	affect	person	show	increas	level	of	satur	unbranch	very-long-chain	fatti	acids,	particularli	hexacosano	(c26	0),	becaus	of	impair	capac	to	degrad	these	acids.	thi	degrad	normal	take	place	in	a	subcellular	organel	call	the	peroxisome,	and	ald,	togeth	with	zellweg	cerebrohepatoren	syndrome,	is	now	consid	to	belong	to	the	newli	form	categori	of	peroxisom	disorders.	biochem	assay	permit	prenat	diagnosis,	as	well	as	identif	of	most	heterozygotes.	We	have	identifi	303	patient	with	ald	in	217	kindreds.	these	patient	show	a	wide	phenotyp	variation.	sixti	percent	of	patient	had	childhood	ald	and	17%	adrenomyeloneuropathy,	both	of	which	are	x-linked,	with	the	gene	map	to	xq28.	neonat	ald,	a	distinct	entiti	with	autosom	recess	inherit	and	point	of	resembl	to	zellweg	syndrome,	account	for	7%	of	the	cases.	although	excess	c26	0	in	the	brain	of	patient	with	ald	is	partial	of	dietari	origin,	dietari	c26	0	restrict	did	not	produc	clear	benefit.	bone	marrow	transplant	lower	the	plasma	c26	0	level	but	fail	to	arrest	neurolog	progression.
10441343	french	machado-joseph	diseas	patient	do	not	exhibit	gamet	segreg	distortion:	a	sperm	type	analysis.	segreg	distort	ha	been	report	to	occur	in	a	number	of	the	trinucleotid	repeat	disorders.	On	the	basi	of	a	sperm	type	studi	perform	in	patient	of	japanes	descent	with	machado-joseph	diseas	(mjd),	it	wa	report	that	diseas	allel	are	preferenti	transmit	dure	meiosis.	We	perform	a	sperm	type	studi	of	five	mjd	patient	of	french	descent	and	analysi	of	the	pool	data	show	a	ratio	of	mutant	to	normal	allel	of	379	436	(46.	5	53.	5%),	which	doe	not	support	meiotic	segreg	distortion.	To	confirm	these	results,	sperm	type	analysi	wa	also	perform	use	a	polymorph	marker,	d14s1050,	close	link	to	the	mjd1	gene.	among	910	sperm	analyzed,	the	allel	link	to	the	diseas	chromosom	wa	detect	in	50.	3%	of	the	sampl	and	the	allel	link	to	the	normal	chromosom	wa	found	in	49.	6%	of	the	sperm.	the	differ	in	frequenc	of	these	two	allel	is	not	signific	(P	=	0.	8423).	likelihood-bas	analysi	of	segreg	distort	in	the	singl	sperm	data	use	the	spermseg	program	also	show	no	support	for	segreg	distort	at	the	gamet	level	in	thi	patient	population.	the	previou	report	on	the	japanes	patient	also	suggest	that	diseas	allel	stabil	may	be	influenc	by	a	tran	effect	of	an	intragen	polymorph	(987	g/c)	in	the	wild-typ	allele.	all	of	the	french	patient	were	heterozyg	for	thi	polymorphism.	however,	analysi	of	the	varianc	in	repeat	number	in	sperm	from	the	french	mjd	patient	overlap	significantli	with	the	varianc	in	repeat	number	observ	in	the	c/c	homozyg	japanes	patient
3346018	nebulin	seen	in	dmd	male	includ	one	patient	with	a	larg	dna	delet	encompass	the	dmd	gene.	the	presenc	of	nebulin	in	a	muscl	specimen	from	a	patient	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	due	to	a	larg	delet	preclud	the	possibl	that	thi	protein	is	the	dmd	gene	product.
8188241	the	human	gene	for	alkaptonuria	(aku)	map	to	chromosom	3q.	alkaptonuria	(aku;	mckusick	no.	203500)	is	a	rare	autosom	recess	disord	caus	by	the	lack	of	homogentis	acid	oxidas	activity.	patient	excret	larg	amount	of	homogentis	acid	in	their	urin	and	a	black	ochronot	pigment	is	deposit	in	their	cartilag	and	collagen	tissues.	ochronosi	is	the	predomin	clinic	complic	of	the	diseas	lead	to	ochronot	arthropathy,	dark	urine,	pigment	chang	of	the	skin,	and	other	clinic	features.	A	mutat	caus	alkaptonuria	in	the	mous	ha	map	to	chromosom	16.	consid	conserv	synteny,	we	were	abl	to	map	the	human	gene	to	chromosom	3q	in	six	alkaptonuria	pedigre	of	slovak	origin.
1317264	the	apc	gene,	respons	for	famili	adenomat	polyposis,	is	mutat	in	human	gastric	cancer.	although	gastric	cancer	is	the	most	common	cancer	in	the	world,	genet	chang	dure	it	carcinogenesi	are	not	well	understood.	sinc	some	gastric	cancer	are	consid	to	origin	from	the	intestin	metaplasia,	it	is	like	that	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene,	the	mutat	of	which	caus	adenomat	polyp	in	the	colon,	is	associ	with	carcinogenesi	of	gastric	cancer.	base	on	thi	idea,	dna	isol	from	gastric	cancer	were	examin	by	mean	of	a	rnase	protect	analysi	coupl	with	polymeras	chain	reaction	follow	by	sequenc	of	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	products.	By	screen	nearli	one-half	of	the	code	region	of	the	apc	gene	in	44	tumors,	somat	mutat	were	detect	in	three	tumor	a	missens	mutation,	a	nonsens	mutation,	and	a	5-base	pair	delet	result	in	a	frame	shift	which	caus	truncat	of	the	gene	product.	these	result	suggest	that	the	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	also	play	an	import	role	dure	the	carcinogenesi	of	at	least	some	gastric	cancers.
10083734	molecular	epidemiolog	of	C9	defici	heterozygot	with	an	arg95stop	mutat	of	the	C9	gene	in	japan.	defici	of	the	ninth	compon	of	human	complement	(c9)	is	the	most	common	complement	defici	in	japan,	with	an	incid	of	approxim	one	homozygot	in	1000,	but	is	veri	rare	in	other	countries.	genet	analys	of	japanes	C9	defici	have	shown	that	a	c-to-t	transit	lead	to	tga	stop	codon	for	arg95	in	exon	4	of	the	C9	gene	(arg95stop)	is	common	in	japanes	C9	deficiency.	To	determin	the	preval	of	heterozyg	carrier	of	the	arg95stop	mutat	in	a	japanes	population,	we	collect	dna	sampl	from	300	individu	in	two	of	the	four	main	island	of	japan.	heterozygot	detect	wa	perform	with	an	allele-specif	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	system	design	to	detect	exclus	onli	one	of	the	normal	and	mutant	alleles,	follow	by	confirm	with	pcr/single-strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	analysi	and	direct	sequencing.	twenti	individu	were	heterozyg	for	the	arg95stop	mutation.	none	wa	homozygous.	the	preval	of	carrier	of	the	arg95stop	mutat	wa	6.	7%	(20/300).	An	estim	frequenc	(0.	12%)	of	complet	C9	defici	due	to	homozyg	arg95stop	mutat	wa	consist	with	frequenc	determin	by	serolog	studi
2760209	molecular	analysi	of	a	femal	lesch-nyhan	patient.	We	report	the	identif	of	a	femal	patient	with	the	x-link	recess	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	(hypoxanthin	phosphoribosyltransferas	[hprt]	deficiency).	cytogenet	and	carrier	studi	reveal	structur	normal	chromosom	for	thi	patient	and	her	parent	and	demonstr	that	thi	mutat	aros	through	a	de	novo	gamet	event.	comparison	of	thi	patient	dna	with	the	dna	of	her	parent	reveal	that	a	microdeletion,	which	occur	within	a	matern	gamet	and	involv	the	entir	hprt	gene,	wa	partial	respons	for	the	diseas	in	thi	patient.	somat	cell	hybrids,	gener	to	separ	matern	and	patern	X	chromosomes,	show	that	express	of	two	addit	x-link	enzymes,	phosphoglycer	kinas	and	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenase,	were	express	onli	in	cell	that	contain	the	matern	X	chromosome,	suggest	the	presenc	of	a	function	inact	patern	X	chromosome.	furthermore,	comparison	of	methyl	pattern	within	a	region	of	the	hprt	gene	known	to	be	import	in	gene	regul	reveal	differ	between	dna	from	the	father	and	the	patient,	in	keep	with	an	activ	hprt	locu	in	the	father	and	an	inact	hprt	locu	in	the	patient.	togeth	these	data	indic	that	nonrandom	inactiv	of	the	cytogenet	normal	patern	X	chromosom	and	a	microdelet	of	the	hprt	gene	on	an	activ	matern	X	chromosom	were	respons	for	the	absenc	of	hprt	in	thi	patient.
10323252	chang	at	p183	of	emerin	weaken	it	protein-protein	interact	result	in	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophy.	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(edmd)	is	an	x-link	recess	muscular	dystrophi	character	by	earli	contractur	of	the	elbows,	achil	tendon	and	spine,	slowli	progress	muscl	wast	and	weakness,	and	cardiomyopathi	associ	with	cardiac	conduct	defects.	the	emerin	gene	ha	been	map	to	xq28	and	encod	a	34-kda	serine-rich	protein,	emerin,	which	ha	been	local	to	the	nuclear	envelop	in	a	wide	varieti	of	tissues,	includ	skelet	and	cardiac	muscle.	mutat	span	the	emerin	gene	have	been	identifi	in	patient	with	edmd.	We	present	here	the	effect,	on	emerin	protein	expression,	of	two	missens	mutat	identifi	in	unrel	edmd	patients.	these	alter	predict	the	replac	of	a	prolin	residu	at	posit	183	with	either	a	histidin	or	a	threonine.	biochem	analysi	ha	demonstr	that	the	mobil	and	express	level	of	the	mutant	form	of	emerin	are	indistinguish	from	that	of	wild-typ	emerin,	but	that	they	have	weaken	interact	with	nuclear	lamina	components.	In	comparison	with	the	usual	edmd	phenotype,	patient	with	p183	missens	mutat	have	a	later	age	at	onset	of	first	symptoms,	elbow	contractures,	ankl	contractures,	upper	limb	weak	and	lower	limb	weakness,	but	there	is	no	differ	for	the	age	at	onset	of	cardiac	involvement.	thi	is	the	first	report	of	protein	studi	on	patient	with	missens	mutat	result	in	the	clinic	featur	of	edmd.	these	studi	demonstr	the	import	of	prolin	183	for	the	proper	structure/funct	of	emerin.
7795653	decreas	express	of	brca1	acceler	growth	and	is	often	present	dure	sporad	breast	cancer	progression.	We	have	character	express	of	the	famili	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	gene,	brca1,	in	case	of	non-hereditari	(sporadic)	breast	cancer	and	analyz	the	effect	of	antisens	inhibit	of	brca1	on	the	prolif	rate	of	mammari	epitheli	cells.	brca1	mrna	level	are	markedli	decreas	dure	the	transit	from	carcinoma	in	situ	to	invas	cancer.	experiment	inhibit	of	brca1	express	with	antisens	oligonucleotid	produc	acceler	growth	of	normal	and	malign	mammari	cells,	but	had	no	effect	on	non-mammari	epitheli	cells.	these	studi	suggest	that	brca1	may	normal	serv	as	a	neg	regul	of	mammari	epitheli	cell	growth	whose	function	is	compromis	in	breast	cancer	either	by	direct	mutat	or	alter	in	gene	expression.
10827108	addit	copi	of	the	proteolipid	protein	gene	caus	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	aris	by	separ	integr	into	the	X	chromosome.	the	proteolipid	protein	gene	(plp)	is	normal	present	at	chromosom	xq22.	mutat	and	duplic	of	thi	gene	are	associ	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(pmd).	here	we	describ	two	new	famili	in	which	male	affect	with	pmd	were	found	to	have	a	copi	of	plp	on	the	short	arm	of	the	X	chromosome,	in	addit	to	a	normal	copi	on	xq22.	In	the	first	family,	the	extra	copi	wa	first	detect	by	the	presenc	of	heterozygos	of	the	ahaii	dimorph	within	the	plp	gene.	the	result	of	fish	analysi	show	an	addit	copi	of	plp	in	xp22.	1,	although	no	chromosom	rearrang	could	be	detect	by	standard	karyotyp	analysis.	anoth	three	affect	male	from	the	famili	had	similar	findings.	In	a	second	unrel	famili	with	sign	of	pmd,	cytogenet	analysi	show	a	pericentr	invers	of	the	X	chromosome.	In	the	inv	(x)	carri	by	sever	affect	famili	members,	fish	show	plp	signal	at	xp11.	4	and	xq22.	A	third	famili	ha	previous	been	reported,	in	which	affect	member	had	an	extra	copi	of	the	plp	gene	detect	at	xq26	in	a	chromosom	with	an	otherwis	normal	band	pattern.	the	identif	of	three	separ	famili	in	which	plp	is	duplic	at	a	noncontigu	site	suggest	that	such	duplic	could	be	a	rel	common	but	previous	undetect	caus	of	genet	disord
1975560	linkag	relationship	of	the	apolipoprotein	C1	gene	and	a	cytochrom	p450	gene	(cyp2a)	to	myoton	dystrophy.	We	have	studi	the	genet	linkag	of	two	markers,	the	apolipoprotein	C1	(apoc1)	gene	and	a	cytochrom	p450	(cyp2a)	gene,	in	relat	to	the	gene	for	myoton	dystrophi	(dm).	A	peak	lod	score	of	9.	29	at	2	cM	wa	observ	for	apoc1-dm,	with	a	lod	score	of	8.	55	at	4	cM	for	cyp2a-dm.	these	two	marker	also	show	close	linkag	to	each	other	(theta	max	=	0.	05,	zmax	=	9.	09).	from	examin	of	the	genotyp	of	the	recombin	individuals,	cyp2a	appear	to	map	proxim	to	DM	becaus	in	one	recombin	individu	cyp2a,	apoc2	and	ckmm	had	all	recombin	with	dm.	evid	from	anoth	cyp2a-dm	recombin	individu	place	cyp2a	proxim	to	apoc2	and	ckmm.	localis	of	cyp2a	on	a	panel	of	somat	cell	hybrid	also	suggest	that	it	is	proxim	to	DM	and	apoc2/c1/	gene	cluster
10737981	beta-galactosidas	gene	mutat	affect	the	lysosom	enzym	and	the	elastin-bind	protein	in	gm1-gangliosidosi	patient	with	cardiac	involvement.	gm1-gangliosidosi	is	a	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	defici	of	acid	beta-galactosidas	(glb1).	We	report	five	new	beta-galactosidas	gene	mutat	in	nine	italian	patient	and	one	fetus,	segreg	in	seven	unrel	families.	six	of	the	eight	patient	with	the	infantile,	sever	form	of	the	diseas	present	cardiac	involvement,	a	featur	rare	associ	with	gm1-gangliosidosis.	molecular	analysi	of	the	patient	rna	and	dna	identifi	two	new	rna	splice	defects,	three	new	and	three	previous	describ	amino	acid	substitutions.	interestingly,	all	patient	with	cardiac	involv	were	homozyg	for	one	of	these	mutat	r59h,	y591c,	y591n,	or	ivs14-2a	>	G.	In	contrast,	all	other	patient	were	compound	heterozyg	for	one	of	the	follow	mutat	r201h,	r482h,	g579d,	ivs8	+	2T	>	C.	although	we	could	not	directli	correl	the	presenc	of	cardiac	abnorm	with	specif	genet	lesions,	the	mutat	identifi	in	patient	with	cardiomyopathi	fell	in	the	glb1	cdna	region	common	to	the	lysosom	enzym	and	the	hbeta-gal-rel	protein,	also	known	as	the	elastin	bind	protein	(ebp).	consequently,	both	molecul	are	affect	by	the	mutations,	and	they	may	contribut	differ	to	the	occurr	of	specif	clinic	manifestations.
1679035	exclus	of	linkag	between	famili	mediterranean	fever	and	the	human	serum	amyloid	A	(saa)	gene	cluster.	We	studi	the	relationship	between	the	autosom	recess	trait	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf)	and	the	serum	amyloid	A	(saa)	gene	by	compar	allel	of	a	highli	polymorph	dinucleotid	repeat	and	a	convent	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	(rflp)	in	the	saa	gene	cluster	in	isra	fmf	kindreds.	By	haplotyp	analysis,	our	data	indic	a	minimum	crossov	frequenc	of	22%	between	the	saa	gene	marker	and	fmf.	By	convent	linkag	analysi	thi	elimin	a	minimum	of	10.	4	cM	includ	and	surround	the	saa	gene	cluster	as	the	site	of	the	fmf	mutat	although	saa	protein	are	promin	physiolog	marker	of	the	acut	attack
10802667	mice	defici	in	six5	develop	cataracts:	implic	for	myoton	dystrophy.	expans	of	a	ctg	trinucleotid	repeat	in	the	3	utr	of	the	gene	dmpk	at	the	dm1	locu	on	chromosom	19	caus	myoton	dystrophy,	a	dominantli	inherit	diseas	character	by	skelet	muscl	dystrophi	and	myotonia,	cataract	and	cardiac	conduct	defects.	target	delet	of	dm15,	the	mous	orthologu	of	human	dmpk,	produc	mice	with	a	mild	myopathi	and	cardiac	conduct	abnormalities,	but	without	other	featur	of	myoton	dystrophy,	such	as	myotonia	and	cataracts.	we,	and	others,	have	demonstr	that	repeat	expans	decreas	express	of	the	adjac	gene	six5	(ref	7,	8),	which	encod	a	homeodomain	transcript	factor.	To	determin	whether	six5	defici	contribut	to	the	myoton	dystrophi	phenotype,	we	disrupt	mous	six5	by	replac	the	first	exon	with	a	beta-galactosidas	reporter.	six5-mut	mice	show	report	express	in	multipl	tissues,	includ	the	develop	lens.	homozyg	mutant	mice	had	no	appar	abnorm	of	skelet	muscl	function,	but	develop	lenticular	opac	at	a	higher	rate	than	controls.	our	result	suggest	that	six5	defici	contribut	to	the	cataract	phenotyp	in	myoton	dystrophy,	and	that	myoton	dystrophi	repres	a	multigen	disorder.
1338764	screen	for	germ-lin	mutat	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	patients:	61	new	patient	and	a	summari	of	150	unrel	patients.	We	report	here	the	result	of	a	screen	for	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	in	61	new	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	patient	as	well	as	a	summari	of	the	result	of	150	patients.	examin	of	the	entir	code	region	of	the	apc	gene,	base	on	a	ribonucleas	protect	assay	coupl	with	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr),	disclos	mutat	that	were	consid	to	caus	signific	defect	in	the	apc	product	in	97	of	150	unrel	fap	patients.	our	find	reveal	the	follow	characterist	of	the	germ-lin	mutat	of	apc	1)	the	great	major	of	the	mutat	were	found	to	truncat	the	apc	product;	2)	almost	all	of	the	mutat	were	locat	within	the	first	half	of	the	code	region;	3)	no	correl	wa	observ	between	the	locat	of	germ-lin	mutat	and	extracolon	manifest	in	fap	patients;	4)	more	than	80%	of	base	substitut	in	the	apc	gene	were	from	cytosin	to	other	nucleotides,	nearli	one-third	of	which	occur	at	the	gpg	site.	our	result	provid	inform	help	to	an	understand	of	the	apc	gene	and	will	also	contribut	to	presymptomat	diagnosi	of	member	in	fap	families.
1999552	hereditari	defici	of	C5	in	associ	with	discoid	lupu	erythematosus.	A	29-year-old	woman	with	discoid	lupu	erythematosu	had	undetect	classic	pathway	complement	activity.	hypocomplementemia	wa	due	to	select	defici	of	c5.	one	of	her	children	wa	also	deficient.	To	our	knowledg	thi	is	the	first	document	case	of	an	associ	between	discoid	lupu	erythematosu	and	C5	deficiency.
10818206	isolation,	genom	organization,	and	express	analysi	of	the	mous	and	rat	homolog	of	mefv,	the	gene	for	famili	mediterranean	fever.	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf)	is	a	recess	disord	character	by	episod	of	fever	with	seros	or	synovitis.	recent	the	fmf	gene	(mefv)	wa	cloned;	the	protein	product,	pyrin/marenostrin,	is	thought	to	regul	inflamm	in	myeloid	cells.	In	thi	manuscript	we	report	the	mous	and	rat	homolog	of	mefv.	the	murin	gene	contain	ten	exon	with	a	code	sequenc	of	2304	bp,	while	the	rat	homolog	ha	nine	exon	with	a	code	sequenc	of	2253	bp.	A	consider	amino	acid	sequenc	homolog	wa	observ	between	the	mous	and	human	(47.	6%	ident	and	65.	5%	similarity)	and	between	the	mous	and	rat	gene	(73.	5%	ident	and	82.	1%	similarity).	the	predict	rodent	protein	have	sever	import	domain	and	signal	found	in	human	pyrin,	includ	a	b-box	zinc	finger	domain,	robbins-dingwal	nuclear	local	signal,	and	coiled-coil	domain.	however,	perhap	becaus	of	an	ancient	frame-shift	mutation,	neither	the	mous	nor	the	rat	protein	ha	an	intact	c-termin	b30.	2	domain,	in	which	most	fmf-associ	mutat	have	been	found	in	human	mefv.	nevertheless,	like	the	human	gene,	mous	mefv	is	express	in	peripher	blood	granulocyt	but	not	lymphocytes.	consist	with	it	express	in	granulocytes,	mefv	wa	detect	at	high	level	in	the	primari	follicl	and	margin	zone	of	the	splenic	white	pulp.	mefv	is	local	on	mous	chromosom	(chr)	16,	region	a3-b1,	extend	a	region	of	synteni	with	human	chr	16p13.	3.	develop	of	knockout	and	knockin	mous	model	may	provid	further	insight	into	the	function	evolut	of	thi	gene
1684569	analysi	of	x-chromosom	inactiv	and	presumpt	express	of	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	gene	in	hematopoiet	cell	lineag	of	a	thrombocytopen	carrier	femal	of	was.	We	report	on	a	thrombocytopen	femal	belong	to	a	pedigre	with	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was).	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	(rflp)	analysi	with	probe	m27	beta,	close	link	to	the	wa	gene,	demonstr	that	she	is	a	carrier	of	was.	both	small-siz	and	normal-s	platelet	were	present,	suggest	that,	unlik	the	vast	major	of	wa	carriers,	she	doe	not	manifest	nonrandom	x-chromosom	inactiv	in	the	thrombopoiet	cell	lineage.	studi	of	x-chromosom	inactiv	by	mean	of	rflp	and	methyl	analysi	demonstr	that	the	pattern	of	x-chromosom	inactiv	wa	nonrandom	in	T	lymphocytes,	but	random	in	granulocytes.	while	thi	is	the	first	complet	report	on	the	occurr	of	thrombocytopenia	in	a	carrier	femal	of	wa	as	the	result	of	atyp	lyonization,	it	also	suggest	that	express	of	the	wa	gene	occur	at	(or	extend	up	to)	a	later	stage	than	the	multipot	stem	cell	along	the	hematopoiet	differenti	pathway.
10724175	hcds1-mediat	phosphoryl	of	brca1	regul	the	dna	damag	response.	mutat	in	the	brca1	(ref.	1)	tumour	suppressor	gene	are	found	in	almost	all	of	the	famili	with	inherit	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	and	about	half	of	the	famili	with	onli	breast	cancer.	although	the	biochem	function	of	brca1	is	not	well	understood,	it	is	import	for	dna	damag	repair	and	cell-cycl	checkpoint.	brca1	exist	in	nuclear	foci	but	is	hyperphosphoryl	and	dispers	after	dna	damage.	It	is	not	known	whether	brca1	phosphoryl	and	dispers	and	it	function	in	dna	damag	respons	are	related.	In	yeast	the	dna	damag	respons	and	the	replication-block	checkpoint	are	mediat	partli	through	the	cds1	kinas	family.	here	we	report	that	the	human	cds1	kinas	(hcds1/chk2)	regul	brca1	function	after	dna	damag	by	phosphoryl	serin	988	of	brca1.	We	show	that	hcds1	and	brca1	interact	and	co-loc	within	discret	nuclear	foci	but	separ	after	gamma	irradiation.	phosphoryl	of	brca1	at	serin	988	is	requir	for	the	releas	of	brca1	from	hcds1.	thi	phosphoryl	is	also	import	for	the	abil	of	brca1	to	restor	surviv	after	dna	damag	in	the	brca1-mut	cell	line	hcc1937.
10556285	ataxin-3	with	an	alter	conform	that	expos	the	polyglutamin	domain	is	associ	with	the	nuclear	matrix.	spinocerebellar	ataxia	type-3	or	machado-joseph	diseas	(sca3/mjd)	is	a	member	of	the	cag/polyglutamin	repeat	diseas	family.	In	thi	famili	of	disorders,	a	normal	polymorph	cag	repeat	becom	expanded,	result	in	express	of	an	expand	polyglutamin	domain	in	the	diseas	gene	product.	experiment	model	of	polyglutamin	diseas	implic	the	nucleu	in	pathogenesis;	however,	the	link	between	intranuclear	express	of	expand	polyglutamin	and	neuron	dysfunct	remain	unclear.	here	we	demonstr	that	ataxin-3,	the	diseas	protein	in	sca3/mjd,	adopt	a	uniqu	conform	when	express	within	the	nucleu	of	transfect	cells.	the	monoclon	antibodi	1c2	is	known	preferenti	to	bind	expand	polyglutamine,	but	we	find	that	it	also	bind	a	fragment	of	ataxin-3	contain	a	normal	glutamin	repeat.	In	addition,	express	of	ataxin-3	within	the	nucleu	expos	the	glutamin	domain	of	the	full-length	non-patholog	protein,	allow	it	to	bind	the	monoclon	antibodi	1c2.	fraction	and	immunochem	experi	indic	that	thi	novel	conform	of	intranuclear	ataxin-3	is	not	due	to	proteolysis,	suggest	instead	that	associ	with	nuclear	protein	(s)	alter	the	structur	of	full-length	ataxin-3	which	expos	the	polyglutamin	domain.	thi	conform	alter	ataxin-3	is	bound	to	the	nuclear	matrix.	the	patholog	form	of	ataxin-3	with	an	expand	polyglutamin	domain	also	associ	with	the	nuclear	matrix.	these	data	suggest	that	an	earli	event	in	the	pathogenesi	of	sca3/mjd	may	be	an	alter	conform	of	ataxin-3	within	the	nucleu	that	expos	the	polyglutamin	domain.
10077614	A	zinc	finger	truncat	of	murin	wt1	result	in	the	characterist	urogenit	abnorm	of	denys-drash	syndrom	.	the	wilm	tumor	-suppressor	gene,	wt1,	play	a	key	role	in	urogenit	development,	and	wt1	dysfunct	is	implic	in	both	neoplast	(wilm	tumor,	mesothelioma,	leukemias,	and	breast	cancer)	and	nonneoplast	(glomerulosclerosis)	disease.	the	analysi	of	diseas	link	specif	with	wt1	mutations,	such	as	denys-drash	syndrom	(dds),	can	provid	valuabl	insight	concern	the	role	of	wt1	in	develop	and	disease.	dd	is	a	rare	childhood	diseas	character	by	a	nephropathi	involv	mesangi	sclerosis,	XY	pseudohermaphroditism,	and/or	wilm	tumor	(wt).	dd	patient	are	constitut	heterozyg	for	exon	point	mutat	in	wt1,	which	includ	mutat	predict	to	truncat	the	protein	within	the	c-termin	zinc	finger	(zf)	region.	We	report	that	heterozygos	for	a	target	murin	wt1	allele,	wt1	(tmt396),	which	truncat	zf3	at	codon	396,	induc	mesangi	sclerosi	characterist	of	dd	in	adult	heterozyg	and	chimer	mice.	male	genit	defect	also	were	evid	and	there	wa	a	singl	case	of	wilm	tumor	in	which	the	transcript	of	the	nontarget	allel	show	an	exon	9	skip	event,	impli	a	causal	link	between	wt1	dysfunct	and	wilm	tumorigenesi	in	mice.	however,	the	mutant	wt1	(tmt396)	protein	account	for	onli	5%	of	wt1	in	both	heterozyg	embryon	stem	cell	and	the	wt.	thi	ha	implic	regard	the	mechan	by	which	the	mutant	allel	exert	it	effect
7106752	heterogen	of	"mediterranean	type"	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	in	spain	and	descript	of	two	new	variant	associ	with	favism.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd);	EC	1.	1.	1.	49	from	thirty-six	unrel	spanish	male	wa	partial	purifi	from	blood,	and	the	variant	were	character	biochem	and	electrophoret	accord	to	the	method	recommend	by	the	world	health	organization.	subject	were	from	multipl	geograph	region	within	spain,	and	all	suffer	from	hemolyt	anemia,	either	acut	(34	cases)	or	chronic	nonspherocyt	(2	cases).	almost	all	the	variant	studi	present	residu	erythrocyt	g6pd	activ	rang	from	0	to	10%	of	normal,	and	five	differ	mutant	were	respons	for	the	defici	phenotype.	three	variant	were	similar	to	other	previous	describ	g6pd	mediterranean	(11	cases),	g6pd	athens-lik	(3	cases),	and	g6pd	union	(2	cases).	the	remain	variant	were	differ	from	the	numer	variant	alreadi	report	and	have	been	consid	as	new	mutants.	provision	they	are	call	g6pd	betica	(19	cases)	and	g6pd	menorca	(1	case).	the	present	studi	constitut	the	first	attempt	to	character	the	defici	g6pd	variant	found	in	spain	and	suppli	new	data	on	the	relationship	between	molecular	characterist	of	defici	variant	and	their	clinic	manifestations.	the	most	import	find	can	be	summar	as	follow	(1)	the	spanish	popul	is	character	by	an	import	heterogen	in	g6pd	deficiency.	(2)	although	g6pd	mediterranean	is	veri	frequent,	it	present	a	rel	high	degre	of	polymorphism.	(3)	favism	ha	been	observ	associ	with	all	kind	of	variant	describ	here.	(4)	g6pd	betica,	which	is	the	most	frequent	variant	found	in	subject	of	southern	spanish	origin,	ha	been	observ	associ	with	favism	in	all	case	except	one
10480214	earli	onset	of	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	in	a	boy	with	emerin	gene	deletion.	A	boy	develop	contractur	of	the	achil	tendon	at	3	year	and	of	the	postcerv	muscl	at	7	years,	although	neither	contractur	of	the	elbow	nor	cardiac	abnorm	were	recogn	by	the	age	of	9	years.	muscl	comput	tomographi	scan	reveal	chang	characterist	of	muscl	involvement.	emerin	wa	not	detect	in	the	biopsi	muscle,	and	rt-pcr	and	pcr-base	genom	dna	analys	of	the	emerin	gene	demonstr	no	amplif	product	in	the	patient.	these	result	confirm	the	diagnosi	of	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(edmd),	and	reinforc	the	necess	of	molecular	genet	diagnosi	of	the	membran	protein	emerin	in	younger	patient	with	possibl	edmd	befor	appear	of	the	typic	symptoms,	to	avoid	sudden	cardiac	death.
1682919	prad1,	a	candid	bcl1	oncogene:	map	and	express	in	centrocyt	lymphoma.	rearrang	of	the	bcl1	(b-cell	lymphoma	1)	region	on	chromosom	11q13	appear	to	be	highli	characterist	of	centrocyt	lymphoma	and	also	is	found	infrequ	in	other	b-cell	neoplasms.	rearrang	is	thought	to	deregul	a	nearbi	protooncogene,	but	transcrib	sequenc	in	the	immedi	vicin	of	bcl1	breakpoint	had	not	been	identified.	prad1,	previous	design	d11s287e,	wa	identifi	on	11q13	as	a	chromosom	breakpoint	region	rearrang	with	the	parathyroid	hormon	gene	in	a	subset	of	parathyroid	adenomas;	thi	highli	conserv	put	oncogene,	which	encod	a	novel	cyclin,	ha	been	link	to	bcl1	and	implic	also	in	subset	of	breast	and	squamou	cell	neoplasm	with	11q13	amplification.	We	report	pulsed-field	gel	electrophoresi	data	show	bcl1	and	prad1	to	be	no	more	than	130	kilobas	apart.	prad1	mrna	is	abundantli	express	in	seven	of	seven	centrocyt	lymphoma	(kiel	classification),	in	contrast	to	13	close	relat	but	noncentrocyt	lymphomas.	three	of	the	seven	centrocyt	lymphoma	had	detect	bcl1	dna	rearrangement.	also,	two	unusu	case	of	cll	with	bcl1	rearrang	overexpress	prad1,	in	contrast	to	five	cll	controls.	thus,	prad1	is	an	excel	candid	"	bcl1	oncogene.	"	it	overexpress	may	be	a	key	consequ	of	rearrang	of	the	bcl1	vicin	in	b-cell	neoplasm	and	a	unifi	pathogenet	featur	in	centrocyt	lymphoma
7202134	adrenoleukodystrophy:	increas	plasma	content	of	satur	veri	long	chain	fatti	acids.	with	a	new	method	we	measur	the	satur	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	in	the	plasma	of	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	hemizygotes,	ald	heterozygotes,	and	controls.	ald	hemizygot	show	increas	level	of	hexacosano	(c26	fatti	acid)	which	repres	0.	081	+/-	0.	0066%	(sem)	of	total	fatti	acids,	compar	to	0.	015	+/-	0.	0032%	in	the	controls.	c25,	c24,	and	c23	fatti	acid	were	also	increased,	but	the	c22	and	c20	fatti	acid	were	normal.	c26	level	were	also	increas	in	most	ald	heterozygotes,	with	a	mean	level	0.	057	+/-	0.	0063%	of	total	fatti	acids.	the	techniqu	can	be	use	for	diagnosi	and	carrier	identification,	and	in	the	evalu	of	therapi
6337374	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	defici	inhibit	in	vitro	growth	of	plasmodium	falciparum.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd;	EC	1.	1.	1.	49)	-defici	red	blood	cell	from	male	hemizygot	and	femal	heterozygot	from	the	island	of	sardinia	were	studi	for	their	abil	to	support	growth	in	vitro	of	the	malaria-caus	organ	plasmodium	falciparum.	parasit	growth	wa	approxim	one-third	of	normal	in	both	hemi-	and	heterozygot	for	g6pd	deficiency.	In	sardinian	with	the	beta	0-thalassemia	trait,	parasit	growth	wa	normal	except	when	g6pd	defici	occur	togeth	with	the	thalassemia	trait.	the	data	support	the	hypothesi	that	g6pd	defici	may	confer	a	select	advantag	in	a	malari	area;	the	femal	heterozygot	may	be	at	a	particular	advantag	becaus	resist	to	malaria	equal	that	of	male	hemizygotes,	but	the	risk	of	fatal	hemolysi	may	be	less.	however,	more	femal	heterozygot	must	be	studi	to	confirm	thi	hypothesis.	No	protect	effect	of	beta	0-thalassemia	trait	could	be	demonstr	in	vitro
3718019	heterozyg	C2	defici	associ	with	angioedema,	myasthenia	gravis,	and	system	lupu	erythematosus.	We	describ	a	patient	with	myasthenia	gravis,	system	lupu	erythematosus,	and	angioedema	associ	with	heterozyg	complement	factor	2	(c2)	deficiency.	the	signific	of	thi	associ	is	controversial,	though	the	associ	of	C2	defici	with	certain	histocompat	antigen	suggest	possibl	linkag	to	immun	respons	genes.	To	our	knowledg	thi	is	the	first	report	of	heterozyg	C2	defici	in	associ	with	thi	combin	of	autoimmun	disorders,	and	we	discuss	the	aetiolog	implications.
2963536	inherit	C3	defici	with	recurr	infect	and	glomerulonephritis.	A	10-year-old	laotian	boy	had	homozyg	defici	of	the	third	compon	of	complement	and	recurr	bacteri	infect	begin	at	age	5	months.	cellular	and	humor	immun	were	normal,	as	were	polymorphonuclear	leukocyt	chemotaxi	and	bactericid	activities.	serum	complement-medi	hemolytic,	chemotactic,	and	opson	activ	were	deficient.	In	vitro	addit	of	purifi	C3	to	patient	serum	restor	hemolyt	complement	to	normal	levels,	and	plasma	infus	dure	each	of	four	episod	of	pneumonia	significantli	enhanc	serum	opson	activ	for	as	long	as	36	hours.	A	renal	biopsi	specimen	reveal	mesangiopath	glomerulonephritis,	although	signific	level	of	circul	igg	immun	complex	were	not	detected.	these	find	further	support	the	associ	of	C3	defici	with	immune-complex	diseas	and	suggest	that	plasma	infus	may	be	an	adjunct	to	antibiot	therapi	in	the	manag	of	sever	pyogen	infect	in	patient	with	C3	deficiency.
7586656	southern	analysi	reveal	a	larg	delet	at	the	hypoxanthin	phosphoribosyltransferas	locu	in	a	patient	with	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	whole	genom	hprt	clone	were	use	in	southern	analysi	to	screen	the	integr	of	the	hprt	gene	in	a	famili	that	includ	a	patient	with	hprt	enzym	defici	causal	to	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	A	5	kb	dna	sequenc	delet	wa	found	to	have	it	endpoint	in	the	first	and	third	introns.	the	probe	identifi	the	carrier	statu	of	femal	famili	members,	aid	by	an	rflp	carri	by	the	mother	normal	x-chromosome.
10426999	associ	of	brca1	with	the	hrad50-hmre11-p95	complex	and	the	dna	damag	response.	brca1	encod	a	tumor	suppressor	that	is	mutat	in	famili	breast	and	ovarian	cancers.	here,	it	is	shown	that	brca1	interact	in	vitro	and	in	vivo	with	hrad50,	which	form	a	complex	with	hmre11	and	p95/nibrin.	upon	irradiation,	brca1	wa	detect	in	discret	foci	in	the	nucleus,	which	coloc	with	hrad50.	format	of	irradiation-induc	foci	posit	for	brca1,	hrad50,	hmre11,	or	p95	wa	dramat	reduc	in	hcc/1937	breast	cancer	cell	carri	a	homozyg	mutat	in	brca1	but	wa	restor	by	transfect	of	wild-typ	brca1.	ectop	express	of	wild-type,	but	not	mutated,	brca1	in	these	cell	render	them	less	sensit	to	the	dna	damag	agent,	methyl	methanesulfonate.	these	data	suggest	that	brca1	is	import	for	the	cellular	respons	to	dna	damag	that	are	mediat	by	the	hrad50-hmre11-p95	complex.
3678494	nebulin	and	titin	express	in	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	appear	normal.	monoclon	antibodi	which	recogn	differ	epitop	on	either	titin	or	nebulin	show	normal	stain	pattern	on	frozen	section	of	three	muscl	biopsi	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	gel	electrophoresi	and	immunoblot	perform	on	two	of	these	muscl	biopsi	show	the	normal	pattern	of	titin	and	nebulin	polypeptides.	sinc	the	donor	of	one	of	these	biopsi	ha	a	larg	delet	of	the	5-region	of	the	dmd	gene,	our	result	argu	against	the	recent	propos	that	nebulin	is	the	gene	mutat	in	dmd.
8281152	myoton	dystrophi	kinas	is	a	compon	of	neuromuscular	junctions.	the	clinic	manifest	of	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	correl	to	the	extent	of	expans	of	an	unstabl	[ctg]	n	dna	motif.	recent	studi	have	demonstr	that	thi	trinucleotid	motif	form	part	of	the	last,	3	untransl	exon	of	a	gene	which	potenti	encod	multipl	protein	isoform	of	a	serine/threonin	protein	kinas	(myoton	dystrophi	protein	kinase,	dm-pk).	We	report	here	on	the	develop	of	antisera	against	synthet	dm-pk	peptid	antigen	and	their	use	in	biochem	and	histochem	studies.	immunoreact	dm-kinas	protein	of	53	kD	is	present	at	low	level	in	skelet	and	cardiac	muscl	extract	of	DM	patient	and	normal	controls.	immunohistochem	stain	reveal	that	dm-pk	is	localis	promin	at	site	of	neuromuscular	and	myotendin	junction	(nmj	and	mtjs)	of	human	and	rodent	skelet	muscles.	furthermore,	veri	low	level	of	immunoreact	dm-pk	protein	are	present	in	the	sarcoplasm	of	predominantli	type	I	fibr	in	variou	muscles.	strikingly,	presenc	of	the	protein	can	also	be	demonstr	for	nmj	of	muscular	tissu	of	adult	and	congenit	case	of	dm,	with	no	gross	chang	in	structur	organisation.	our	find	provid	a	basi	for	further	characteris	of	the	role	of	the	kinas	in	protein	assembl	process	or	signal	mediat	at	synapt	site	and	ultim	for	the	understand	of	the	complex	pathophysiolog	of	dm.
7316485	new	genet	variant	of	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	in	italy.	six	new	variant	of	human	erythrocyt	g6pd	have	been	characterized.	all	of	them	were	found	in	italian	male	and	all	were	associ	with	enzym	deficiency,	but	onli	two	with	sign	of	haemolysis.	these	and	other	variant	report	in	the	literature,	which	must	thu	far	be	regard	as	sporadic,	are	found	to	map	in	part	of	itali	where	common	type	of	g6pd	defici	are	also	prevalent.
10677309	atm-heterozyg	germlin	mutat	contribut	to	breast	cancer-susceptibility.	approxim	0.	5%	-1%	of	the	gener	popul	ha	been	estim	to	be	heterozyg	for	a	germlin	mutat	in	the	atm	gene.	mutat	in	the	atm	gene	are	respons	for	the	autosom	recess	disord	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	(mim	208900).	the	find	that	atm-heterozygot	have	an	increas	rel	risk	for	breast	cancer	wa	support	by	some	studi	but	not	confirm	by	others.	In	view	of	thi	discrepancy,	we	examin	the	frequenc	of	atm	germlin	mutat	in	a	select	group	of	dutch	patient	with	breast	cancer.	We	have	analyz	atm	germlin	mutat	in	normal	blood	lymphocytes,	use	the	protein-trunc	test	follow	by	genomic-sequ	analysis.	A	high	percentag	of	atm	germlin	mutat	wa	demonstr	among	patient	with	sporad	breast	cancer.	the	82	patient	includ	in	thi	studi	had	develop	breast	cancer	at	age	<	45	and	had	surviv	>/=	5	year	(mean	15	years),	and	in	33	(40%)	of	the	patient	a	contralater	breast	tumor	had	been	diagnosed.	among	these	patient	we	identifi	seven	(8.	5%)	atm	germlin	mutations,	of	which	five	are	distinct.	one	splice-sit	mutat	(ivs10-6t--	>	G)	wa	detect	three	time	in	our	series.	four	heterozyg	carrier	were	patient	with	bilater	breast	cancer.	our	result	indic	that	the	mutat	identifi	in	thi	studi	are	"	a-t	disease-caus	"	mutat	that	might	be	associ	with	an	increas	risk	of	breast	cancer	in	heterozygotes.	We	conclud	that	atm	heterozygot	have	an	approxim	ninefold-increas	risk	of	develop	a	type	of	breast	cancer	character	by	frequent	bilater	occurrence,	earli	age	at	onset,	and	long-term	survival.	the	specif	characterist	of	our	popul	of	patient	may	explain	whi	such	a	high	frequenc	wa	not	found	in	other	seri
10709732	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrom	(alps)	in	a	child	from	consanguin	parents:	a	domin	or	recess	disease?	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrom	(alps)	is	character	by	autoimmun	featur	and	lymphoprolifer	and	is	gener	caus	by	defect	fas-medi	apoptosis.	thi	report	describ	a	child	with	clinic	featur	of	alp	without	detect	fa	express	on	freshli	isol	blood	leukocytes.	detect	of	fa	transcript	via	real-tim	quantit	pcr	made	a	sever	transcript	defect	unlikely.	sequenc	of	the	fa	gene	reveal	a	20-nucleotid	duplic	in	the	last	exon	affect	the	cytoplasm	signal	domain.	the	patient	wa	homozyg	for	thi	mutation,	wherea	the	consanguin	parent	and	the	sibl	were	heterozygous.	the	patient	report	here	is	a	human	homologu	of	the	fas-nul	mouse,	inasmuch	as	she	carri	an	autosom	homozyg	mutat	in	the	fa	gene	and	she	show	the	sever	and	acceler	alp	phenotype.	the	heterozyg	famili	member	did	not	have	the	alp	phenotype,	indic	that	the	disease-caus	fa	mutat	in	thi	famili	is	autosom	recessive.
8551426	A	preval	mutat	for	galactosemia	among	black	americans.	object	To	defin	the	mutat	caus	galactosemia	in	patient	of	black	american	origin	who	have	no	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferas	(galt)	activ	in	erythrocyt	but	good	clinic	outcome.	method	We	discov	a	mutat	caus	by	a	c--	>	T	transit	at	base-pair	1158	of	the	galt	gene	that	result	in	a	serine-to-leucin	substitut	at	codon	135	(s135l).	We	develop	a	method	with	which	to	screen	popul	for	it	prevalence.	We	compar	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferas	among	erythrocytes,	leukocytes,	and	transform	lymphoblasts,	as	well	as	total	bodi	oxid	of	D-	(13c)	-galactos	to	13co2	among	three	genotyp	for	galt	(s135l/s135l,	q188r/q188r,	and	normal/normal).	result	We	found	a	48%	preval	of	the	s135l	mutat	among	17	black	american	patient	with	classic	galactosemia	and	a	1%	preval	in	a	popul	of	50	black	american	without	galactosemia.	the	s135l	mutat	wa	not	found	in	84	white	patient	with	g/g	galactosemia	nor	in	87	white	control	subject	without	galactosemia.	We	found	normal	whole	bodi	oxid	of	D-	(13c)	-galactos	by	the	patient	homozyg	for	s135l	and	variou	degre	of	enzym	impair	among	differ	tissues.	conclus	the	s135l	mutat	in	the	galt	gene	is	a	preval	caus	of	galactosemia	among	black	patients.	becaus	galt	activ	vari	in	differ	tissu	of	patient	homozyg	for	s135l,	they	may	have	a	better	clinic	outcom	than	patient	who	are	homozyg	for	q188r	when	both	are	treat	from	infancy.
10699184	constitut	and	regul	mode	of	splice	produc	six	major	myoton	dystrophi	protein	kinas	(dmpk)	isoform	with	distinct	properties.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	the	most	preval	inherit	neuromuscular	diseas	in	adults.	the	genet	defect	is	a	ctg	triplet	repeat	expans	in	the	3-untransl	region	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	protein	kinas	(dmpk)	gene,	consist	of	15	exons.	use	a	transgen	dmpk-overexpressor	mous	model,	we	demonstr	here	that	the	endogen	mous	dmpk	gene	and	the	human	dmpk	transgen	produc	six	major	altern	splice	mrna	which	have	almost	ident	cell	type-depend	distribut	frequenc	and	express	patterns.	use	of	a	cryptic	5	splice	site	in	exon	8,	which	result	in	absenc	or	presenc	of	15	nucleotid	specifi	a	vsggg	peptid	motif,	and/or	use	of	a	cryptic	3	splice	site	in	exon	14,	which	lead	to	a	frameshift	in	the	mrna	read	frame,	occur	as	independ	stochast	event	in	all	tissu	examined.	In	contrast,	the	excis	of	exon	13/14	that	caus	a	frameshift	and	creat	a	c-termin	truncat	protein	is	clearli	cell	type	depend	and	occur	predominantli	in	smooth	muscle.	We	gener	all	six	full-length	mous	cdna	that	result	from	combin	of	these	three	major	splice	event	and	show	that	their	transfect	into	cell	in	cultur	lead	to	product	of	four	differ	approxim	74	kda	full-length	(heart-,	skelet	muscle-	or	brain-specific)	and	two	c-termin	truncat	approxim	68	kda	(smooth	muscle-specific)	isoforms.	inform	on	dmpk	mrna	and	protein	isoform	express	pattern	will	be	use	for	recogn	differenti	effect	of	(ctg)	(n)	expans	in	DM	manifestation.
10417286	linkag	analysi	in	a	larg	brazilian	famili	with	van	der	woud	syndrom	suggest	the	exist	of	a	suscept	locu	for	cleft	palat	at	17p11.2-11.1.	van	der	woud	syndrom	(vws),	which	ha	been	map	to	1q32-41,	is	character	by	pit	and/or	sinus	of	the	lower	lip,	cleft	lip/pal	(cl/p),	cleft	palat	(cp),	bifid	uvula,	and	hypodontia	(h).	the	express	of	vws,	which	ha	incomplet	penetrance,	is	highli	variable.	both	the	occurr	of	cl/p	and	CP	within	the	same	genealog	and	a	recurr	risk	<	40%	for	CP	among	descend	with	vw	have	suggest	that	the	develop	of	cleft	in	thi	syndrom	is	influenc	by	modifi	gene	at	other	loci.	To	test	thi	hypothesis,	we	have	conduct	linkag	analysi	in	a	larg	brazilian	kindr	with	vws,	consid	as	affect	the	individu	with	cp,	regardless	of	whether	it	is	associ	with	other	clinic	sign	of	vws.	our	result	suggest	that	a	gene	at	17p11.	2-11	2-11.	1,	togeth	with	the	vw	gene	at	1p32-41,	enhanc	the	probabl	of	CP	in	an	individu	carri	the	two	at-risk	genes.	If	thi	hypothesi	is	confirm	in	other	vw	pedigrees,	it	will	repres	one	of	the	first	exampl	of	a	gene,	map	through	linkag	analysis,	which	modifi	the	express	of	a	major	gene
3393536	divers	point	mutat	in	the	human	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	gene	caus	enzym	defici	and	mild	or	sever	hemolyt	anemia.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd;	EC	1.	1.	1.	49)	defici	is	a	common	genet	abnorm	affect	an	estim	400	million	peopl	worldwide.	clinic	and	biochem	analys	have	identifi	mani	variant	exhibit	a	rang	of	phenotypes,	which	have	been	well	character	from	the	hematolog	point	of	view.	however,	until	now,	their	precis	molecular	basi	ha	remain	unknown.	We	have	clone	and	sequenc	seven	mutant	g6pd	alleles.	In	the	nondefici	polymorph	african	variant	g6pd	A	we	have	found	a	singl	point	mutation.	the	other	six	mutant	investig	were	all	associ	with	enzym	deficiency.	In	one	of	the	commonest,	g6pd	mediterranean,	which	is	associ	with	favism	among	other	clinic	manifestations,	a	singl	amino	acid	replac	wa	found	(serine----phenylalanine)	it	must	be	respons	for	the	decreas	stabil	and	the	reduc	catalyt	effici	of	thi	enzyme.	singl	point	mutat	were	also	found	in	g6pd	metaponto	(southern	italy)	and	in	g6pd	ilesha	(nigeria),	which	are	asymptomatic,	and	in	g6pd	chatham,	which	wa	observ	in	an	indian	boy	with	neonat	jaundice.	In	g6pd	"	matera,	"	which	is	now	known	to	be	the	same	as	g6pd	a-,	two	separ	point	mutat	were	found,	one	of	which	is	the	same	as	in	g6pd	A.	In	g6pd	santiago,	a	de	novo	mutat	(glycine----arginine)	is	associ	with	sever	chronic	hemolyt	anemia.	the	mutat	observ	show	a	strike	predomin	of	c----t	transitions,	with	CG	doublet	involv	in	four	of	seven	cases.	thus,	divers	point	mutat	may	account	larg	for	the	phenotyp	heterogen	of	g6pd	defici
2215607	increas	high-dens	lipoprotein	level	caus	by	a	common	cholesteryl-est	transfer	protein	gene	mutation.	background	and	methods.	the	plasma	cholesteryl-est	transfer	protein	(cetp)	catalyz	the	transfer	of	cholesteryl	ester	from	high-dens	lipoprotein	(hdl)	to	other	lipoproteins.	We	recent	describ	a	japanes	famili	with	increas	hdl	level	and	cetp	defici	due	to	a	splice	defect	of	the	cetp	gene.	To	assess	the	frequenc	and	phenotyp	of	thi	condition,	we	screen	11	addit	famili	with	high	hdl	level	by	mean	of	a	radioimmunoassay	for	cetp	and	dna	analysis.	results.	We	found	the	same	cetp	gene	mutat	in	four	famili	from	three	differ	region	of	japan.	analysi	of	restriction-fragment-length	polymorph	of	the	mutant	cetp	allel	show	that	all	proband	were	homozyg	for	the	ident	haplotype.	famili	member	homozyg	for	cetp	defici	(n	=	10)	had	moder	hypercholesterolemia	(mean	total	cholesterol	level	[+/-	sd],	7.	01	+/-	0.	83	mmol	per	liter),	markedli	increas	level	of	hdl	cholesterol	(4.	24	+/-	1.	01	mmol	per	liter)	and	apolipoprotein	a-i,	and	decreas	level	of	low-dens	lipoprotein	cholesterol	(1.	99	+/-	0.	80	mmol	per	liter)	and	apolipoprotein	B.	member	heterozyg	for	the	defici	(n	=	20),	whose	cetp	level	were	in	the	lower	part	of	the	normal	range,	had	moder	increas	level	of	hdl	cholesterol	and	apolipoprotein	a-i	and	an	increas	ratio	of	hdl	subclass	2	to	hdl	subclass	3,	as	compar	with	unaffect	famili	member	(1.	5	+/-	0.	8	vs.	0.	7	+/-	0.	4).	cetp	defici	wa	not	found	in	six	unrel	subject	with	elev	hdl	cholesterol	level	who	were	from	differ	part	of	the	unit	states.	conclusions.	cetp	defici	appear	to	be	a	frequent	caus	of	increas	hdl	level	in	the	popul	of	japan,	possibl	becaus	of	a	founder	effect.	the	result	that	we	observ	in	heterozygot	suggest	that	cetp	normal	play	a	part	in	the	regul	of	level	of	hdl	subclass	2.	there	wa	no	evid	of	prematur	atherosclerosi	in	the	famili	with	cetp	deficiency.	In	fact,	the	lipoprotein	profil	of	person	with	cetp	defici	is	potenti	antiatherogen	and	may	be	associ	with	an	increas	life	span
7523157	hereditari	defici	of	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	and	recurr	meningococc	infection:	investig	of	an	irish	famili	use	a	novel	haemolyt	screen	assay	for	complement	activ	and	C7	m/n	allotyping.	termin	complement	compon	defici	predispos	to	meningococc	infect	and	is	inherit	in	an	autosom	co-domin	manner.	An	irish	famili	is	described,	in	which	2	of	3	brother	had	recurr	meningococc	infection.	A	novel	screen	assay	wa	use	to	investig	for	termin	complement	defici	and	the	2	affect	brother	were	found	to	be	complet	defici	in	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	(c7).	enzyme-link	immunosorb	assay	for	C7	reveal	lower	than	normal	level	in	the	remain	brother	and	parents.	C7	m/n	protein	polymorph	allotyping,	use	to	investig	the	segreg	of	the	C7	defici	genes,	show	that	the	appar	complement	suffici	brother	wa	heterozyg	C7	defici	and	a	carrier	of	one	of	the	defici	genes.	complement	screen	should	be	carri	out	in	ani	individu	suffer	recurr	meningococc	infect	or	infect	with	an	uncommon	meningococc	serogroup.	identif	of	complement	defici	patient	allow	the	implement	of	strategi	to	prevent	recurr	infection.
3162536	mild	and	sever	muscular	dystrophi	associ	with	delet	in	xp21	of	the	human	X	chromosome.	We	have	analys	over	300	patient	suffer	from	duchenn	or	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd	or	bmd).	delet	have	been	characteris	which	encompass	either	the	pert87	(dxs164)	locu	only,	the	xj1.	1	(dxs206)	and	hip25	loci	only,	or	all	three	loci.	these	loci	have	been	shown	to	lie	within	the	dmd	region	cover	sever	hundr	kilobas	(kb)	of	dna.	one	mildli	affect	bmd	patient	possess	a	delet	of	at	least	110	kb	includ	exon	of	the	dmd	gene.	other	patient	with	similar	exon	deletions,	or	smaller	deletions,	show	the	more	sever	phenotyp	typic	of	dmd.	We	conclud	from	these	studi	that	the	sever	of	the	clinic	phenotyp	cannot	be	explain	on	the	basi	of	the	size	of	the	deletion.	We	discuss	thi	in	the	context	of	candid	gene	sequenc
10631148	meiotic	segreg	analysi	of	rb1	allel	in	retinoblastoma	pedigre	by	use	of	single-sperm	typing.	In	hereditari	retinoblastoma,	differ	epidemiolog	studi	have	indic	a	preferenti	patern	transmiss	of	mutant	retinoblastoma	allel	to	offspring,	suggest	the	occurr	of	a	meiotic	drive.	To	investig	thi	mechanism,	we	analyz	sperm	sampl	from	six	individu	from	five	unrel	famili	affect	with	hereditari	retinoblastoma.	single-sperm	type	techniqu	were	perform	for	each	sampl	by	studi	of	two	inform	short	tandem	repeat	locat	either	in	or	close	to	the	retinoblastoma	gene	(rb1).	the	segreg	probabl	of	mutant	rb1	allel	in	sperm	sampl	wa	assess	by	use	of	the	spermseg	program,	which	includ	experiment	parameters,	recombin	fraction	between	the	markers,	and	segreg	parameters.	A	total	of	2,	952	singl	sperm	from	the	six	donor	were	analyzed.	We	detect	a	signific	segreg	distort	in	the	data	as	a	whole	(P	=.	0099)	and	a	signific	heterogen	in	the	segreg	rate	across	donor	(.	0092).	further	analysi	show	that	thi	result	can	be	explain	by	segreg	distort	in	favor	of	the	normal	allel	in	one	donor	onli	and	that	it	doe	not	provid	evid	of	a	signific	segreg	distort	in	the	other	donors.	the	segreg	distort	favor	the	mutant	rb1	allel	doe	not	seem	to	occur	dure	spermatogenesis,	and,	thus,	meiotic	drive	may	result	either	from	variou	mechanisms,	includ	a	fertil	advantag	or	a	better	mobil	in	sperm	bear	a	mutant	rb1	gene,	or	from	the	exist	of	a	defect	imprint	gene	locat	on	the	human	X	chromosom
10861298	function	differ	of	the	pd	gene	product	are	associ	with	phenotyp	variat	in	patient	with	pendr	syndrom	and	non-syndrom	hear	loss	(dfnb4).	the	pd	gene	encod	a	transmembran	protein,	known	as	pendrin,	which	function	as	a	transport	of	iodid	and	chloride.	mutat	in	thi	gene	are	respons	for	pendr	syndrom	and	autosom	recess	non-syndrom	hear	loss	at	the	dfnb4	locu	on	chromosom	7q31.	A	screen	of	20	individu	from	the	midwestern	usa	with	non-syndrom	hear	loss	and	dilat	vestibular	aqueduct	identifi	three	peopl	(15%)	with	pd	mutations.	To	determin	whether	pd	mutat	in	individu	with	pendr	syndrom	differ	function	from	pd	mutat	in	individu	with	non-syndrom	hear	loss,	we	compar	three	common	pendr	syndrom	allel	variant	(l236p,	t416p	and	e384g),	with	three	pd	mutat	report	onli	in	individu	with	non-syndrom	hear	loss	(v480d,	v653a	and	i490l/g497s).	the	mutat	associ	with	pendr	syndrom	have	complet	loss	of	pendrin-induc	chlorid	and	iodid	transport,	while	allel	uniqu	to	peopl	with	dfnb4	are	abl	to	transport	both	iodid	and	chloride,	albeit	at	a	much	lower	level	than	wild-typ	pendrin.	We	hypothes	that	thi	residu	level	of	anion	transport	is	suffici	to	elimin	or	postpon	the	onset	of	goiter	in	individu	with	dfnb4.	We	propos	a	model	for	pendrin	function	in	the	thyroid	in	which	pendrin	transport	iodid	across	the	apic	membran	of	the	thyrocyt	into	the	colloid	space.
1353340	late-onset	metachromat	leukodystrophy:	molecular	patholog	in	two	siblings.	We	report	on	a	new	allel	at	the	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	locu	caus	late-onset	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld).	In	that	allel	arginine84,	a	residu	that	is	highli	conserv	in	the	arylsulfatas	gene	family,	is	replac	by	glutamine.	In	contrast	to	allel	that	caus	early-onset	mld,	the	arginine84	to	glutamin	substitut	is	associ	with	some	residu	arsa	activity.	A	comparison	of	genotypes,	arsa	activities,	and	clinic	data	on	4	individu	carri	the	allel	of	81	patient	with	mld	examined,	further	valid	the	concept	that	differ	degre	of	residu	arsa	activ	are	the	basi	of	phenotyp	variat	in	mld.
10200300	defect	cd95/apo-1/fa	signal	complex	format	in	the	human	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrome,	type	ia.	heterozyg	mutat	in	the	cd95	(apo-1/fas)	receptor	occur	in	most	individu	with	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrom	(alps)	and	dominantli	interfer	with	apoptosi	by	an	unknown	mechanism.	We	show	that	local	or	global	alter	in	the	structur	of	the	cytoplasm	death	domain	from	nine	independ	alp	cd95	death-domain	mutat	result	in	a	failur	to	bind	the	fadd/mort1	signal	protein.	despit	heterozygos	for	the	abnorm	allele,	lymphocyt	from	alp	patient	show	markedli	decreas	fadd	associ	and	a	loss	of	caspas	recruit	and	activ	after	cd95	crosslinking.	these	data	suggest	that	intracytoplasm	cd95	mutat	in	alp	impair	apoptosi	chiefli	by	disrupt	death-domain	interact	with	the	signal	protein	fadd/mort1.
10408771	classic	galactosemia	and	mutat	at	the	galactose-1-phosph	uridyl	transferas	(galt)	gene.	classic	galactosemia	is	caus	by	a	defici	in	activ	of	the	enzym	galactose-1-phosph	uridyl	transferas	(galt),	which,	in	turn,	is	caus	by	mutat	at	the	galt	gene.	the	disord	exhibit	consider	allel	heterogen	and,	at	the	end	of	1998,	more	than	150	differ	base	chang	were	record	in	24	differ	popul	and	ethnic	group	in	15	countri	worldwide.	the	mutat	most	frequent	cite	are	q188r,	k285n,	s135l,	and	n314d.	q188r	is	the	most	common	mutat	in	european	popul	or	in	those	predominantli	of	european	descent.	overall,	it	account	for	60-70%	of	mutant	chromosomes,	but	there	are	signific	differ	in	it	rel	frequenc	in	individu	populations.	individu	homoallel	for	q188r	tend	to	have	a	sever	phenotyp	and	thi	is	in	keep	with	the	virtual	complet	loss	of	enzym	activ	observ	in	in	vitro	express	systems.	globally,	k285n	is	rarer,	but	in	mani	european	popul	it	can	be	found	on	25-40%	of	mutant	chromosomes.	It	is	invari	associ	with	a	sever	phenotype.	s135l	is	found	almost	exclus	in	african	americans.	In	vitro	express	result	are	discrepant,	but	some	individu	carri	s135l	appear	to	exhibit	galt	activ	in	some	tissues.	duart	1	(or	lo	angeles)	and	duart	2	(or	duarte)	variant	carri	the	same	amino	acid	substitution,	n314d,	even	though	D1	is	associ	with	increas	erythrocyt	galt	activ	and	D2	with	reduc	activity.	n314d	is	in	linkag	disequilibrium	with	other	base	chang	that	differ	on	the	D1	and	D2	alleles.	n314d	doe	not	impair	galt	activ	in	in	vitro	express	systems.	however,	there	are	differ	in	the	abund	of	galt	protein	in	lymphoblastoid	cell	line	from	D2	and	D1	individuals.	It	is	unclear	whether	the	specif	molecular	chang	that	distinguish	the	D1	and	D2	allel	account	for	the	differ	activities.	the	consider	genet	heterogen	document	to	date	undoubtedli	contribut	to	the	phenotyp	heterogen	that	is	observ	in	galactosemia.	the	addit	effect	of	nonallel	variat	and	other	constitut	factor	on	phenotyp	variabl	remain	to	be	elucidated.
10636421	x-link	retinoschisi	with	point	mutat	in	the	xlrs1	gene.	background	x-link	retinoschisi	(xlrs)	is	a	rel	rare	vitreoretin	dystrophi	that	caus	visual	loss	in	young	men.	recently,	a	gene	respons	for	thi	disease,	design	xlrs1,	wa	identified,	and	sever	deleteri	gene	mutat	were	reported.	object	To	analyz	japanes	patient	clinic	diagnos	as	have	xlr	formut	chang	in	the	xlrs1	gene.	method	ten	patient	with	xlr	underw	full	ophthalmolog	examination,	includ	slitlamp	biomicroscopi	and	dilat	funduscopy.	genom	dna	wa	isol	from	leukocytes,	and	all	exon	of	the	xlrs1	gene	were	amplifi	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	and	analyz	use	a	direct	sequenc	method.	result	point	mutat	in	the	xlrs1	gene	were	identifi	in	all	10	patients.	the	mutat	were	ident	in	each	of	2	pair	of	brothers.	six	of	the	point	mutat	repres	missens	mutations,	1	wa	a	nonsens	mutation,	and	1	wa	a	frameshift	mutation.	five	of	the	mutat	are	newli	report	herein.	conclus	the	discoveri	of	new	point	mutat	in	thi	studi	increas	the	avail	inform	regard	the	spectrum	of	genet	abnorm	and	clinic	manifest	of	xlrs.	however,	the	limit	data	fail	to	reveal	a	correl	between	mutat	and	diseas	phenotype.	clinic	relev	identif	of	mutat	in	the	xlrs1	gene	and	expand	inform	on	clinic	manifest	will	facilit	earli	diagnosis,	appropri	earli	therapy,	and	genet	counsel	regard	the	prognosi	of	xlrs.
10429004	relationship	among	genotype,	biochem	phenotype,	and	cognit	perform	in	femal	with	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	deficiency:	report	from	the	matern	phenylketonuria	collabor	study.	object	To	examin	the	relationship	of	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	genotyp	to	biochem	phenotyp	and	cognit	develop	in	matern	phenylketonuria	(pku).	methodolog	pah	gene	mutat	were	examin	in	222	hyperphenylalaninem	femal	enrol	in	the	matern	pku	collabor	studi	(mpkucs).	A	total	of	84	differ	mutat	were	detected,	and	complet	genotyp	wa	obtain	in	199	individuals.	base	on	previou	knowledg	about	mutation-phenotyp	associations,	78	of	the	mutat	could	be	assign	to	one	of	four	class	of	sever	(sever	pku,	moder	pku,	mild	pku,	and	mild	hyperphenylalaninemia	[mhp]).	then,	189	mpkuc	subject	were	group	accord	to	the	variou	combin	of	mutat	classifications.	the	sampl	size	were	larg	enough	for	statist	test	in	four	group	with	at	least	one	mutat	that	complet	abolish	enzym	activity.	these	patient	are	consid	function	hemizygous.	result	the	biochem	phenotyp	predict	from	the	genotyp	in	function	hemizyg	patient	wa	relat	significantli	to	the	assign	phenylalanin	level.	cognit	perform	(iq)	wa	also	significantli	relat	to	genotype.	the	IQ	of	pah-defici	mother	with	a	sever	pku	mutat	in	combin	with	a	mhp	mutat	or	a	mild	pku	mutat	wa	99	and	96,	respectively,	wherea	the	IQ	of	pku	mother	with	two	sever	pku	mutat	or	with	one	sever	and	one	moder	pku	mutat	wa	83	and	84,	respectively.	Of	the	patient	with	pku,	92%	had	been	treat	dure	childhood.	those	who	were	untreat	or	treat	late	had	lower	than	averag	IQ	score	for	their	group	of	mutat	combinations.	femal	with	moder	or	mild	pku	who	were	treat	earli	and	treat	for	>	6	year	show	IQ	score	10	point	abov	averag	for	their	group.	conclus	the	reproduct	outcom	in	matern	phenylketonuria	is	depend	on	prenat	metabol	control	and	postnat	environment	circumstances.	both	factor	depend	on	the	intellectu	resourc	of	the	mother	with	pku.	the	signific	relationship	among	genotype,	biochem	phenotype,	and	cognit	perform	observ	in	the	present	studi	is	of	import	for	the	develop	of	an	optim	strategi	for	futur	treatment	of	femal	with	pku	who	plan	pregnancy.
1380672	uncoupl	of	hypomyelin	and	glial	cell	death	by	a	mutat	in	the	proteolipid	protein	gene.	proteolipid	protein	(plp;	M	(r)	30,	000)	is	a	highli	conserv	major	polytop	membran	protein	in	myelin	but	it	cellular	function	remain	obscure.	neurolog	mutant	mice	can	often	provid	model	system	for	human	genet	disord	.	mutat	of	the	x-chromosome-link	plp	gene	are	lethal,	identifi	first	in	the	jimpi	mous	and	subsequ	in	patient	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.	the	unexplain	phenotyp	of	these	mutat	includ	degener	and	prematur	cell	death	of	oligodendrocyt	with	associ	hypomyelination.	here	we	show	that	a	new	mous	mutant	rumpshak	is	defin	by	the	amino-acid	substitut	ile-to-thr	at	residu	186	in	a	membrane-embed	domain	of	plp.	surprisingly,	rumpshak	mice,	although	myelin-deficient,	have	normal	longev	and	a	full	complement	of	morpholog	normal	oligodendrocytes.	hypomyelin	can	thu	be	genet	separ	from	the	plp-depend	oligodendrocyt	degeneration.	We	suggest	that	plp	ha	a	vital	function	in	glial	cell	development,	distinct	from	it	later	role	in	myelin	assembly,	and	that	thi	dichotomi	of	action	may	explain	the	clinic	spectrum	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.
10594001	mutat	analysi	of	the	hgo	gene	in	finnish	alkaptonuria	patients.	alkaptonuria	(aku),	the	prototyp	inborn	error	of	metabolism,	ha	recent	been	shown	to	be	caus	by	loss	of	function	mutat	in	the	homogentisate-1,	2-dioxygenas	gene	(hgo).	So	far	17	mutat	have	been	characteris	in	aku	patient	of	differ	ethnic	origin.	We	describ	three	novel	mutat	(r58fs,	r330s,	and	h371r)	and	one	common	aku	mutat	(m368v),	detect	by	mutat	and	polymorph	analysi	of	the	hgo	gene	in	five	finnish	aku	pedigrees.	the	three	novel	aku	mutat	are	most	like	specif	for	the	finnish	popul	and	have	origin	recently.
8441467	put	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	gene	share	unexpect	homolog	with	abc	transporters.	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	is	an	x-link	diseas	affect	1/20,	000	male	either	as	cerebr	ald	in	childhood	or	as	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn)	in	adults.	childhood	ald	is	the	more	sever	form,	with	onset	of	neurolog	symptom	between	5-12	year	of	age.	central	nervou	system	demyelin	progress	rapidli	and	death	occur	within	a	few	years.	amn	is	a	milder	form	of	the	diseas	with	onset	at	15-30	year	of	age	and	a	more	progress	course.	adren	insuffici	(addison	disease)	may	remain	the	onli	clinic	manifest	of	ald.	the	princip	biochem	abnorm	of	ald	is	the	accumul	of	very-long-chain	fatti	acid	(vlcfa)	becaus	of	impair	beta-oxid	in	peroxisomes.	the	normal	oxid	of	vlcfa-coa	in	patient	fibroblast	suggest	that	the	gene	code	for	the	vlcfa-coa	synthetas	could	be	a	candid	gene	for	ald.	here	we	use	posit	clone	to	identifi	a	gene	partial	delet	in	6	of	85	independ	patient	with	ald.	In	famili	cases,	the	delet	segreg	with	the	disease.	An	ident	delet	wa	detect	in	two	brother	present	with	differ	clinic	ald	phenotypes.	candid	exon	were	identifi	by	comput	analysi	of	genom	sequenc	and	use	to	isol	complementari	dna	by	exon	connect	and	screen	of	cdna	libraries.	the	deduc	protein	sequenc	show	signific	sequenc	ident	to	a	peroxisom	membran	protein	of	M	(r)	70k	that	is	involv	in	peroxisom	biogenesi	and	belong	to	the	atp-bind	cassett	superfamili	of	transporters.
10618304	cardiac	na(+)	channel	dysfunct	in	brugada	syndrom	is	aggrav	by	beta(1)-subunit.	background	mutat	in	the	gene	encod	the	human	cardiac	Na	(+)	channel	alpha-subunit	(hh1)	are	respons	for	chromosom	3-link	congenit	long-qt	syndrom	(lqt3)	and	idiopath	ventricular	fibril	(ivf).	An	auxiliari	beta	(1)	-subunit,	wide	express	in	excit	tissues,	shift	the	voltag	depend	of	steady-st	inactiv	toward	more	neg	potenti	and	restor	normal	gate	kinet	of	brain	and	skelet	muscl	Na	(+)	channel	express	in	xenopu	oocyt	but	ha	littl	if	ani	function	effect	on	the	cardiac	isoform.	here,	we	character	the	alter	effect	of	a	human	beta	(1)	-subunit	(hbeta	(1))	on	the	heterolog	express	hh1	mutat	(t1620m)	previous	associ	with	ivf.	method	and	result	when	express	alon	in	xenopu	oocytes,	t1620m	exhibit	no	persist	currents,	in	contrast	to	the	lqt3	mutant	channels,	but	the	midpoint	of	steady-st	inactiv	(V	(1/2))	wa	significantli	shift	toward	more	posit	potenti	than	for	wild-typ	hh1.	coexpress	of	hbeta	(1)	did	not	significantli	alter	current	decay	or	recoveri	from	inactiv	of	wild-typ	hh1;	however,	it	further	shift	the	V	(1/2)	and	acceler	the	recoveri	from	inactiv	of	t1620m.	oocyt	macropatch	analysi	reveal	that	the	activ	kinet	of	t1620m	were	normal.	conclus	It	is	suggest	that	coexpress	of	hbeta	(1)	expos	a	more	sever	function	defect	that	result	in	a	greater	overlap	in	the	relationship	between	channel	inactiv	and	activ	(window	current)	in	t1620m,	which	is	propos	to	be	a	potenti	pathophysiolog	mechan	of	ivf	in	vivo.	one	possibl	explan	for	our	find	is	an	alter	alpha-/beta	(1)	-subunit	associ	in	the	mutant.
10369876	autosom	recess	famili	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	with	continu	secret	of	mutant	weakli	activ	vasopressin.	famili	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	is	an	autosom	domin	disord	character	by	post-nat	develop	of	arginin	vasopressin	(avp)	defici	due	to	mutat	in	the	avp	gene.	all	publish	mutat	affect	the	signal	peptid	or	the	neurophysin-ii	carrier	protein	and	are	presum	to	interfer	with	process	of	the	preprohormone,	lead	to	neuron	damage.	We	studi	an	unusu	palestinian	famili	consist	of	asymptomat	first	cousin	parent	and	three	children	affect	with	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidus,	suggest	autosom	recess	inheritance.	all	three	affect	children	were	homozyg	and	the	parent	heterozyg	for	a	singl	novel	mutat	(c301-	>	T)	in	exon	1,	replac	pro7	of	matur	avp	with	leu	(leu-avp).	leu-avp	wa	a	weak	agonist	with	approxim	30-fold	reduc	bind	to	the	human	V2	receptor.	measur	by	radioimmunoassay	with	a	synthet	leu-avp	standard,	serum	leu-avp	level	were	elev	in	all	three	children	and	further	increas	dure	water	depriv	to	as	high	as	30	time	normal.	the	youngest	child	(2	year	old)	wa	onli	mildli	affect	but	had	leu-avp	level	similar	to	her	sever	affect	8-year-old	brother,	suggest	that	unknown	mechan	may	partial	compens	for	a	defici	of	activ	avp	in	veri	young	children.
2575483	autosom	domin	aniridia	link	to	the	chromosom	11p13	marker	catalas	and	d11s151	in	a	larg	dutch	family.	In	a	larg	pedigre	with	autosom	domin	aniridia,	we	found	close	linkag	between	the	aniridia	locu	an2	and	the	marker	catalas	(cat)	(zeta	=	7.	27	at	theta	=	0.	00)	and	d11s151	(zeta	=	3.	86	at	theta	=	0.	10)	flank	the	an2	locu	on	11p13.	posit	lod	score	were	also	obtain	for	the	11p13----11p14	marker	d11s16	and	fshb	with	the	linkag	group	cat/an2/d11s151.	We	conclud	that	the	autosom	domin	aniridia	in	thi	famili	is	due	to	a	mutat	at	the	an2	locu	on	11p13.	We	have	exclud	linkag	(zeta	less	than	-2	at	theta	less	than	0.	18)	between	the	aniridia	and	the	chromosom	2p25	marker	d2s1	(link	to	acp1)
10607954	knobloch	syndrom	involv	midlin	scalp	defect	of	the	frontal	region.	We	report	on	a	4-year-old	boy	with	knobloch	syndrome.	He	ha	vitreoretin	degeneration,	high	myopia,	cataract,	telecanthus,	hypertelorism,	and	a	high-arch	palate.	He	also	ha	a	defect	of	the	anterior	midlin	scalp	with	involv	of	the	frontal	bone	as	document	by	a	comput	tomographi	(ct)	scan.	the	brain	wa	normal	on	CT	scan	and	magnet	reson	imaging.	We	present	a	review	of	the	23	publish	case	with	thi	syndrome.	our	patient	illustr	the	import	of	investig	for	underli	ocular	and	central	nervou	system	patholog	whenev	midlin	scalp	defect	are	present.
10602116	pendr	syndrome:	phenotyp	variabl	in	two	famili	carri	the	same	pd	missens	mutation.	pendr	syndrom	compris	congenit	sensorineur	hear	loss,	thyroid	goiter,	and	posit	perchlor	discharg	test.	recently,	thi	autosom	recess	disord	wa	shown	to	be	caus	by	mutat	in	the	pd	gene,	which	encod	an	anion	transport	call	pendrin.	molecular	analysi	of	the	pd	gene	wa	perform	in	two	consanguin	larg	famili	from	southern	tunisia	compris	a	total	of	23	individu	affect	with	profound	congenit	deafness;	the	same	missens	mutation,	l445w,	wa	identifi	in	all	affect	individuals.	A	widen	vestibular	aqueduct	wa	found	in	all	patient	who	underw	comput	tomographi	(ct)	scan	explor	of	the	inner	ear.	In	contrast,	goiter	wa	present	in	onli	11	affect	individuals,	who	interestingli	had	a	normal	result	of	the	perchlor	discharg	test	whenev	performed.	the	present	result	question	the	sensit	of	the	perchlor	test	for	the	diagnosi	of	pendr	syndrom	and	support	the	use	of	a	molecular	analysi	of	the	pd	gene	in	the	assess	of	individu	with	sever	to	profound	congenit	hear	loss	associ	with	inner	ear	morpholog	anomali	even	in	the	absenc	of	a	thyroid	goiter.
10470088	the	type	of	somat	mutat	at	apc	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	is	determin	by	the	site	of	the	germlin	mutation:	a	new	facet	to	knudson'	'two-hit'	hypothesis.	apc	is	often	cite	as	a	prime	exampl	of	a	tumor	suppressor	gene.	truncat	germlin	and	somat	mutat	(or,	infrequently,	allel	loss)	occur	in	tumor	in	fap	(famili	adenomat	polyposis).	most	sporad	colorect	cancer	also	have	two	apc	mutations.	clue	from	attenu	polyposis,	missens	germlin	variant	with	mild	diseas	and	the	somat	mutat	cluster	region	(codon	1,	250-1,	450)	indicate,	however,	that	apc	mutat	might	not	result	in	simpl	loss	of	protein	function.	We	have	found	that	fap	patient	with	germlin	apc	mutat	within	a	small	region	(codon	1,	194-1,	392	at	most)	mainli	show	allel	loss	in	their	colorect	adenomas,	in	contrast	to	other	fap	patients,	whose	second	hit	tend	to	occur	by	truncat	mutat	in	the	mutat	cluster	region.	our	result	indic	that	differ	apc	mutat	provid	cell	with	differ	select	advantages,	with	mutat	close	to	codon	1,	300	provid	the	greatest	advantage.	allel	loss	is	select	strongli	in	cell	with	one	mutat	near	codon	1,	300.	A	differ	germline-somat	apc	mutat	associ	exist	in	fap	desmoids.	apc	is	not,	therefore,	a	classic	tumor	suppressor.	our	find	also	indic	a	new	mechan	for	diseas	sever	if	a	broader	spectrum	of	mutat	is	select	in	tumors,	the	somat	mutat	rate	is	effect	higher	and	more	tumor	grow.
7769092	purif	of	human	very-long-chain	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogenas	and	character	of	it	defici	in	seven	patients.	mitochondri	very-long-chain	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogenas	(vlcad)	wa	purifi	from	human	liver.	the	molecular	mass	of	the	nativ	enzym	and	the	subunit	were	estim	to	be	154	and	70	kd,	respectively.	the	enzym	wa	found	to	catalyz	the	major	part	of	mitochondri	palmitoylcoenzym	A	dehydrogen	in	liver,	heart,	skelet	muscle,	and	skin	fibroblast	(89-97,	86-99,	96-99,	and	78-87%,	respectively).	skin	fibroblast	from	26	patient	suspect	of	have	a	disord	of	mitochondri	beta-oxid	were	analyz	for	vlcad	protein	use	immunoblotting,	and	7	of	them	contain	undetect	or	trace	level	of	the	enzyme.	the	seven	defici	fibroblast	line	were	character	by	measur	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogen	activities,	overal	palmit	acid	oxidation,	and	vlcad	protein	synthesi	use	pulse-chase,	further	confirm	the	diagnosi	of	vlcad	deficiency.	these	result	suggest	the	heterogen	natur	of	the	mutat	caus	the	defici	in	the	seven	patients.	clinically,	all	patient	with	vlcad	defici	exhibit	cardiac	disease.	At	least	four	of	them	present	with	hypertroph	cardiomyopathy.	thi	frequenc	(>	57%)	wa	much	higher	than	that	observ	in	patient	with	other	disord	of	mitochondri	long-chain	fatti	acid	oxid	that	may	be	accompani	by	cardiac	diseas	in	infants.
1282899	A	germ	line	mutat	within	the	code	sequenc	for	the	put	5-phosphoribosyl-1-pyrophosph	bind	site	of	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt)	in	a	lesch-nyhan	patient:	missens	mutat	within	a	function	import	region	probabl	caus	disease.	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	caus	by	a	complet	defici	of	hypoxanthin	guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt)	is	the	result	of	a	heterogen	group	of	germ	line	mutations.	identif	of	each	mutant	gene	provid	valuabl	inform	as	to	the	type	of	mutat	that	occur	spontaneously.	We	report	here	a	newli	identifi	hprt	mutat	in	a	japanes	patient	with	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	thi	gene,	design	hprt	tokyo,	had	a	singl	nucleotid	chang	from	G	to	A,	as	identifi	by	sequenc	cdna	amplifi	by	the	polymeras	chain	reaction.	allel	specif	oligonucleotid	hybrid	analysi	use	amplifi	genom	dna	show	that	the	mutant	gene	wa	transmit	from	the	matern	germ	line.	thi	mutat	would	lead	to	an	amino	acid	substitut	of	asp	for	gli	at	the	amino	acid	posit	140	locat	within	the	put	5-phosphoribosyl-1-pyrophosph	(prpp)	bind	region.	missens	mutat	in	human	hprt	defici	patient	thu	far	report	tend	to	accumul	in	thi	function	activ	region.	however,	a	comparison	of	the	data	suggest	that	both	missens	and	synonym	mutat	can	occur	at	ani	code	sequenc	of	the	human	germ	line	hprt	gene,	but	that	a	limit	percentag	of	all	the	missens	mutat	caus	disease.	the	probabl	that	a	mutat	will	caus	diseas	tend	to	be	higher	when	the	missens	mutat	is	within	a	function	import	sequence.
1301201	In	vitro	and	in	vivo	correl	for	i65t	and	m1v	mutat	at	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	locus.	mutat	at	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	locu	are	the	major	caus	of	hyperphenylalaninemia.	We	have	previous	describ	four	mutat	(m1v,	ivs12nt1,	r408w,	and	s349p)	at	the	pah	locu	in	french	canadian	with	ancestri	in	eastern	quebec.	here	we	report	(1)	identif	of	anoth	mutation,	on	a	haplotyp	9	chromosome,	which	convert	codon	65	from	isoleucin	(att)	to	threonin	(act),	(2)	express	analysi	of	the	i65t	mutat	in	co	cell	demonstr	75%	loss	of	both	immunoreact	protein	and	enzym	activity,	and	(3)	express	analysi	of	the	most	preval	pku	allel	(m1v)	in	eastern	quebec,	show	nondetect	level	of	pah	protein	and	activity,	a	find	compat	with	a	mutat	in	the	translat	initi	codon.	homozygos	for	m1v	and	codomin	inherit	of	i65t/r408w	were	both	associ	with	classic	phenylketonuria.
10557317	experiment	hemochromatosi	due	to	mhc	class	I	hfe	deficiency:	immun	statu	and	iron	metabolism.	the	puzzl	linkag	between	genet	hemochromatosi	and	histocompat	loci	becam	even	more	so	when	the	gene	involved,	hfe,	wa	identified.	indeed,	within	the	well	defined,	mainli	peptide-binding,	mhc	class	I	famili	of	molecules,	hfe	seem	to	perform	an	unusu	yet	essenti	function.	As	yet,	our	understand	of	hfe	function	in	iron	homeostasi	is	onli	partial;	an	even	more	open	question	is	it	possibl	role	in	the	immun	system.	To	advanc	on	both	of	these	avenues,	we	report	the	delet	of	hfe	alpha1	and	alpha2	put	ligand	bind	domain	in	vivo.	hfe-defici	anim	were	analyz	for	a	comprehens	set	of	metabol	and	immun	parameters.	faith	mimick	human	hemochromatosis,	mice	homozyg	for	thi	delet	develop	iron	overload,	character	by	a	higher	plasma	iron	content	and	a	rais	transferrin	satur	as	well	as	an	elev	hepat	iron	load.	the	primari	defect	could,	indeed,	be	trace	to	an	augment	duoden	iron	absorption.	In	parallel,	measur	of	the	gut	mucos	iron	content	as	well	as	iron	regulatori	protein	allow	a	more	inform	evalu	of	variou	hypothes	regard	the	precis	role	of	hfe	in	iron	homeostasis.	finally,	an	extens	phenotyp	of	primari	and	secondari	lymphoid	organ	includ	the	gut	provid	no	compel	evid	for	an	obviou	immune-link	function	for	hfe.
144081	[genet	heterogen	of	g6pd	deficiency:	mutant	allel	of	g6pd	in	the	shekii	district	of	azerbaijan]	examin	on	g6pd	defici	in	349	patient	of	shekii	district	hospit	(azerbaijan)	reveal	16	hemi-,	4	homo-	and	9	heterozygot	carrier	of	the	defect.	gd-	frequency,	calcul	from	the	data	obtain	(7.	7%),	may	be	compar	to	neighbour	region	frequenc	(6-30%).	carrier	of	g6pd	defici	are	resid	of	11	villag	locat	in	alasani-aphtalan	valley,	highli	endem	with	malaria	in	the	past;	nearli	all	marriag	are	endogamic.	physico-chem	and	kinet	studi	of	10	mutant	form	of	g6pd,	accord	to	who	program,	led	to	identif	of	5	variant	of	the	II	class	(shekii,	bideiz,	shirin-bulakh,	okhut	I	and	zakataly)	and	2	variant	of	the	iii	class	(okhut	II	and	martinique-like).	resembl	of	the	major	of	variant	in	electrophoret	mobil	and	the	level	of	erythrocyt	enzym	activ	permit	to	suggest	the	exist	of	a	common	parent	mutant	g6pd	allel	distribut	in	thi	area
6453040	[gd-	allel	distribut	pattern	in	azerbaijan.	iii.	the	identif	of	mutant	form	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenase]	In	28	famili	with	g6pd	defici	live	in	3	settlement	of	shekii	district	of	azerbaijan	11	g6pd	variant	of	II	and	iii	class	differ	by	kinet	properti	were	identifi	accord	who	program.	9	of	them	are	character	with	the	same	electrophoret	mobility.	comparison	of	g6pd	spectra	in	two	subpopul	and	in	a	mix	group	permit	to	make	a	conclus	about	exist	of	common	and	rare	g6pd	allel	in	examin	population.	they	distribut	by	gene	drift	support	by	natur	selection.	among	7	sampl	of	g6pd	with	normal	and	increas	activ	two	new	variant	of	IV	class	--	nukha	and	bash-kungut	--	were	found.
10878391	determin	of	carrier	statu	for	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	by	flow	cytometr	analysi	of	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein	express	in	peripher	blood	mononuclear	cells.	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	is	caus	by	defect	in	the	wa	protein	(wasp)	gene	on	the	X	chromosome.	previou	studi	disclos	that	flow	cytometr	analysi	of	intracellular	wasp	express	(fcm-wasp	analysis)	in	lymphocyt	wa	use	for	the	diagnosi	of	wa	patients.	lymphocyt	from	all	wa	patient	show	waspdim	instead	of	waspbright.	here	we	report	that	fcm-wasp	analysi	in	monocyt	could	be	a	use	tool	for	the	wa	carrier	diagnosis.	monocyt	from	all	nine	wa	carrier	show	vari	popul	of	waspdim	togeth	with	waspbright.	none	of	control	individu	possess	the	waspdim	population.	In	contrast,	lymphocyt	from	all	the	carrier	except	two	lack	the	waspdim	population.	the	differ	of	the	waspdim	popul	in	monocyt	and	lymphocyt	observ	in	wa	carrier	suggest	that	wasp	play	a	more	critic	role	in	the	develop	of	lymphocyt	than	in	that	of	monocytes.	the	present	studi	suggest	that	a	skew	x-chromosom	inactiv	pattern	observ	in	wa	carrier	peripher	blood	cell	is	not	fix	at	the	hemopoiet	stem	cell	level	but	progress	after	the	lineag	commitment.
2161209	linkag	of	dna	marker	at	xq28	to	adrenoleukodystrophi	and	adrenomyeloneuropathi	present	within	the	same	family.	We	present	a	larg	kindr	that	contain	patient	with	either	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	or	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn).	the	pedigre	clearli	support	the	x-link	mode	of	inherit	of	the	nonneonat	form	of	ald/amn.	analysi	with	dna	marker	at	xq28	suggest	segreg	of	both	ald	and	amn	with	an	ident	haplotype.	thi	indic	that	nonneonat	ald	and	amn	are	caus	by	a	mutat	in	the	same	gene	at	xq28.	It	showed,	furthermore,	that	phenotyp	differ	between	ald	and	amn	are	not	necessarili	the	consequ	of	allel	heterogen	due	to	differ	mutat	within	the	same	gene.	the	maxim	lod	score	for	linkag	of	the	ald/amn	gene	and	the	multiallel	anonym	dna	marker	at	dxs52	wa	3.	0	at	a	recombin	fraction	of	0.	00.	thi	made	a	prenat	or	presymptomat	diagnosi	and	heterozygot	detect	by	dna	analysi	with	thi	marker	reliabl
8326491	further	investig	of	the	hexa	gene	intron	9	donor	splice	site	mutat	frequent	found	in	non-jewish	tay-sach	diseas	patient	from	the	british	isles.	In	a	previou	studi	we	found	that	a	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	caus	mutat	in	the	intron	9	donor	splice	site	of	the	hexa	gene	occur	at	high	frequenc	in	non-jewish	patient	and	carrier	from	the	british	isles.	It	wa	found	more	frequent	in	subject	of	irish,	scottish,	and	welsh	origin	compar	with	english	origin	(63%	and	31%	respectively).	We	have	now	tested,	in	a	blind	study,	26	american	tsd	carrier	and	28	non-carri	who	have	british	ancestri	for	the	intron	9	splice	site	mutation.	six	of	the	carrier	and	none	of	the	control	were	posit	for	the	mutation.	all	six	had	irish	ancestry,	compar	with	nine	of	the	20	other	(intron	9	mutat	negative)	tsd	carrier	(p	<	0.	05).	these	result	confirm	the	previous	found	high	frequenc	of	the	intron	9	mutat	in	non-jewish	tsd	famili	of	british	isles,	particularli	irish,	origin,	and	reinforc	the	need	to	screen	such	famili	for	thi	mutat
7959767	the	murin	homologu	of	the	huntington	diseas	gene	(hdh)	and	the	alpha-adducin	gene	(add1)	map	to	mous	chromosom	5	within	a	region	of	conserv	synteni	with	human	chromosom	4p16.3.	huntington	diseas	(hd)	is	a	sever	autosom	domin	neurodegen	disord	associ	with	a	novel	gene	(it15).	recently,	we	report	the	clone	of	hdh,	the	murin	homologu	of	it15.	here,	use	an	interspecif	backcross,	we	have	map	both	hdh	and	the	mous	homologu	of	human	alpha-adducin	(add1),	a	membrane-associ	cytoskelet	protein	gene.	both	of	these	gene	map	in	the	same	posit	on	mous	chromosom	5	in	a	region	associ	with	ancestr	chromosom	rearrang	and	show	no	recombin	with	d5h4s43,	d5h4s115,	and	d5h4s62,	the	murin	homologu	of	d4s43,	d4s115,	and	d4s62,	respectively.	further	map	studi	of	humans,	mice,	and	other	mammalian	speci	should	reveal	the	natur	of	the	rearrang	affect	thi	chromosom	segment	dure	mammalian	evolution.
2562820	linkag	analysi	of	the	apolipoprotein	C2	gene	and	myoton	dystrophi	on	human	chromosom	19	reveal	linkag	disequilibrium	in	a	french-canadian	population.	the	gene	for	human	apolipoprotein	C2	(apoc2),	situat	on	the	proxim	long	arm	of	chromosom	19,	is	close	link	to	the	gene	for	the	most	common	form	of	adult	muscular	dystrophy,	myoton	dystrophi	(dm).	six	apoc2	rflp	(taqi,	bgli,	bani,	bamhi,	ncoi,	and	avaii)	have	been	identifi	to	date.	We	have	conduct	a	comprehens	DM	linkag	studi	util	all	six	rflp	and	involv	50	famili	and	372	individuals.	the	most	inform	rflp	are,	in	descend	order,	ncoi	(lod	=	6.	64,	theta	=	0.	05),	bgli	(lod	=	6.	12,	theta	=	0.	05),	avaii	(lod	=	6.	02,	theta	=	0.	03),	bani	(lod	=	5.	76,	theta	=	0.	04),	taqi	(lod	=	4.	29,	theta	=	0.	06),	and	bamhi	(lod	=	1.	75,	theta	=	0.	01).	A	substanti	increas	in	the	lod	score	over	those	seen	with	the	individu	rflp	wa	obtain	when	the	linkag	of	the	entir	apoc2	haplotyp	(compos	of	the	six	rflps)	wa	studi	(lod	=	17.	87,	theta	=	0.	04).	We	have	observ	signific	inter-apoc2	rflp	linkag	disequilibrium.	consequently,	the	three	most	inform	rflp	have	been	found	to	be	bani,	taqi,	and	either	bgli,	avaii,	or	ncoi	polymorphisms.	We	also	demonstr	linkag	disequilibrium	between	DM	and	apoc2	in	our	french-canadian	popul	(standard	disequilibrium	constant	phi	=.	22,	chi	2	=	5.	12,	df	=	1,	P	less	than	0.	04).	thi	repres	the	first	evid	of	linkag	disequilibrium	between	apoc2	and	the	DM	locu
10094552	A	retrospect	anonym	pilot	studi	in	screen	newborn	for	hfe	mutat	in	scandinavian	populations.	We	have	retrospect	analyz	837	random	anonym	dri	blood	spot	(dbs)	sampl	from	neonat	screen	program	in	scandinavia	for	mutat	in	hfe,	the	candid	gene	for	hemochromatosis.	We	have	found	c282i	allel	frequenc	of	2.	3%	(+	2.	0%)	(-1.	3%)	in	greenland,	4.	5%	+/-1.	9%	in	iceland,	5.	1%	+/-2.	3%	in	the	faero	islands,	and	8.	2%	+/-2.	7%	in	denmark.	the	high	preval	of	hfe	mutat	in	denmark	suggest	that	popul	screen	for	the	c282i	mutat	could	be	highli	advantag	in	term	of	prevent	health	care.	long-term	follow-up	evalu	of	c282i	homozygot	and	h63d/c282i	compound	heterozygot	will	give	an	indic	of	the	penetr	of	the	mutat
10484981	hereditari	tp53	codon	292	and	somat	p16ink4a	codon	94	mutat	in	a	li-fraumeni	syndrom	family.	li-fraumeni	syndrom	is	an	autosom	domin	disord	that	is	character	by	variou	type	of	cancer	in	childhood	and	adult	cases.	although	hereditari	tp53	mutat	is	veri	rare	in	differ	human	cancers,	it	ha	been	frequent	report	in	li-fraumeni	syndrome.	On	the	other	hand,	hereditari	mutat	of	tp57kip2,	p15ink4b,	and	p16ink4a,	which	affect	the	cell	cycl	similar	to	tp53,	were	observ	in	some	type	of	cancer.	In	a	turkish	famili	with	the	diagnosi	of	li-fraumeni	syndrome,	we	analyz	the	mutat	pattern	of	tp53,	p57kip2,	p15ink4b,	and	p16ink4a	in	the	peripher	blood,	and	loss	of	heterozygos	(homo/hemizyg	deletion)	pattern	of	tp53	and	p15ink4b/p16ink4a	in	two	tumor	tissues.	the	propositu	had	a	seminoma,	hi	daughter	a	medulloblastoma,	and	one	of	hi	healthi	cousins,	a	tp53	codon	292	missens	point	mutat	(aaa--	>	ata;	lys--	>	ile)	in	the	peripher	blood	cells.	tumor	tissu	obtain	from	the	propositu	with	the	seminoma	reveal	loss	of	heterozygos	in	the	tp53	gene.	In	the	analys	of	tumor	tissu	from	the	propositu	and	hi	daughter,	a	p16ink4a	codon	94	missens	point	mutat	(gcg--	>	gag;	ala--	>	glu)	wa	observ	with	the	hereditari	tp53	mutation.	p16ink4a	codon	94	mutat	observ	in	our	famili	is	a	novel	mutat	in	li-fraumeni	syndrome.	No	other	gene	alter	in	tp53,	p57kip2,	p15ink4b,	and	p16ink4a	wa	observed.	exist	of	the	p16ink4a	mutat	and	the	hereditari	tp53	mutat	with	or	without	loss	of	heterozygos	in	the	tp53	gene	(seminoma/medulloblastoma)	may	be	evid	for	a	common	mechan	involv	in	tumorogenesis.	the	gene	alter	in	tp53	and	p16ink4a	gene	may	be	use	as	tumor	marker	in	our	family.
2884570	An	amino-acid	substitut	involv	in	phenylketonuria	is	in	linkag	disequilibrium	with	dna	haplotyp	2.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	an	autosom	recess	human	genet	disord	caus	by	a	defici	of	hepat	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah,	phenylalanin	4-monooxygenase,	EC	1.	14.	16.	1).	pku	is	a	common	inborn	error	of	amino-acid	metabol	in	caucasian	popul	and	approxim	1	in	50	individu	are	carrier	of	a	pku	allele.	To	defin	the	molecular	basi	of	pku,	we	character	twelv	restrict	fragment-length	polymorph	(rflp)	haplotyp	of	the	pah	locu	in	the	northern	european	popul	and	observ	that	90%	of	the	pku	allel	in	thi	popul	are	confin	to	four	common	rflp	haplotypes.	We	have	recent	report	a	splice	mutat	in	the	pah	gene	that	is	associ	with	rflp	haplotyp	3	which	is	present	at	about	40%	of	mutant	alleles.	We	now	report	the	molecular	lesion	associ	with	the	rflp	haplotyp	2	mutant	allele.	thi	defect	is	caus	by	a	c-to-t	transit	in	exon	12	result	in	an	amino-acid	substitut	(arg	to	trp)	at	residu	408	of	pah.	direct	hybrid	analysi	of	the	point	mutat	use	a	specif	oligonucleotid	probe	demonstr	that	thi	mutat	is	also	in	linkag	disequilibrium	with	rflp	haplotyp	2	allel	that	make	up	about	20%	of	mutant	pah	gene
8258524	the	effect	of	dystrophin	gene	mutat	on	the	erg	in	mice	and	humans.	purpose.	the	author	earlier	find	of	a	neg	electroretinogram	(erg)	in	a	boy	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	led	them	to	investig	dystrophin	gene	delet	and	erg	in	five	boy	with	dmd.	the	author	want	to	determin	whether	there	were	similar	erg	find	in	an	anim	model	for	dmd,	the	mdx	mouse.	methods.	ganzfeld	erg	were	record	in	five	boy	with	dmd	after	a	complet	ophthalm	examination.	the	dystrophin	gene	wa	analyz	by	southern	blot	hybridization.	erg	were	record	in	anesthet	mdx	and	control	mice	with	a	modifi	grass	photostimul	(grass	instrument	company,	quincy,	ma).	results.	ophthalm	examin	in	all	five	boy	had	normal	findings,	yet	an	abnorm	neg	erg	wa	record	for	each	subject.	the	subject	gene	delet	were	variable,	rang	from	larg	delet	to	no	detect	deletions.	the	erg	of	the	mdx	mice	were	normal	and	did	not	differ	significantli	from	those	of	the	control	mice.	conclusions.	the	author	believ	the	uniqu	erg	record	for	the	human	subject	is	a	manifest	of	dmd	associ	with	defect	at	the	dystrophin	gene	locu	and	repres	a	new	clinic	entity.	the	erg	of	the	mdx	mous	may	be	spare	for	sever	reasons,	includ	milder	effect	of	the	mous	gene	defect,	differ	in	muscl	and	retin	gene	product,	or	speci	differ	in	the	biochem	role	of	dystrophin.	the	erg	show	promis	of	becom	a	noninvas	diagnost	tool	for	dmd	and	it	milder	allel	forms.
1324223	eight	novel	inactiv	germ	line	mutat	at	the	apc	gene	identifi	by	denatur	gradient	gel	electrophoresis.	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	is	a	dominantli	inherit	condit	predispos	to	colorect	cancer.	the	recent	isol	of	the	respons	gene	(adenomat	polyposi	coli	or	apc)	ha	facilit	the	search	for	germ	line	mutat	in	affect	individuals.	previou	author	have	use	the	rnase	protect	assay	and	the	single-strand	conform	polymorph	procedur	to	screen	for	mutations.	In	thi	studi	we	use	denatur	gradient	gel	electrophoresi	(dgge).	dgge	analysi	of	10	apc	exon	(4,	5,	7,	8,	9,	10,	12,	13,	14,	and	part	of	15)	in	33	unrel	dutch	fap	patient	ha	led	to	the	identif	of	eight	novel	germ	line	mutat	result	in	stop	codon	or	frameshifts.	the	result	report	here	indic	that	(1)	famili	adenomat	polyposi	is	caus	by	an	extrem	heterogen	spectrum	of	point	mutations;	(2)	all	the	mutat	found	in	thi	studi	are	chain	terminating;	and	(3)	dgge	repres	a	rapid	and	sensit	techniqu	for	the	detect	of	mutat	in	the	unusu	larg	apc	gene.	An	extens	of	the	dgge	analysi	to	the	entir	code	region	in	a	suffici	number	of	clinic	well-characterized,	unrel	patient	will	facilit	the	establish	of	genotype-phenotyp	correlations.	On	the	other	hand,	the	occurr	of	an	extrem	heterogen	spectrum	of	mutat	spread	throughout	the	entir	length	of	the	larg	apc	gene	among	the	fap	patient	indic	that	thi	approach	may	not	be	use	as	a	rapid	presymptomat	diagnost	procedur	in	a	routin	laboratory.	nevertheless,	the	abov	dgge	approach	ha	incident	led	to	the	identif	of	a	common	polymorph	in	exon	13.	such	intragen	polymorph	offer	a	practic	approach	to	a	more	rapid	procedur	for	presymptomat	diagnosi	of	fap	by	linkag	analysi	in	inform	families.
10533068	novel	mutat	in	xlrs1	caus	retinoschisis,	includ	first	evid	of	put	leader	sequenc	change.	juvenil	retinoschisi	is	an	x-link	recess	diseas	caus	by	mutat	in	the	xlrs1	gene.	We	screen	31	new	unrel	patient	and	famili	for	xlrs1	mutat	in	addit	to	previous	report	mutat	for	60	of	our	famili	(retinoschisi	consortium,	hum	mol	genet	1998;	7	1185-1192).	twenty-thre	differ	mutat	includ	12	novel	one	were	identifi	in	28	patients.	mutat	identifi	in	thi	studi	includ	19	missens	mutations,	two	nonsens	mutations,	one	intragen	deletion,	four	microdeletions,	one	insertion,	and	one	intron	sequenc	substitut	that	is	like	to	result	in	a	splice	site	defect.	two	novel	mutations,	c.	38t--	>	C	(l13p)	and	c.	667t--	>	C	(c223r),	respectively,	present	the	first	genet	evid	for	the	function	signific	of	the	put	leader	peptid	sequenc	and	for	the	function	signific	at	the	carboxyl	termin	of	the	xlrs1	protein	beyond	the	discoidin	domain.	mutat	in	25	of	the	famili	were	local	to	exon	4-6,	emphas	the	critic	function	signific	of	the	discoidin	domain	of	the	xlrs1	protei
6585184	clinic	use	of	dna	marker	link	to	the	gene	for	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy.	seventi	famili	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	known	to	the	institut	of	child	health	fall	into	three	categori	with	respect	to	potenti	linkag	analysi	with	the	X	chromosom	dna	marker	rc8	and	l1.	28	that	bridg	the	dmd	gene.	famili	in	which	there	is	at	least	one	obligatori	femal	heterozygot	(n	=	13).	here	predict	and	exclus	of	dmd	gene	transmiss	may	be	possible,	the	accuraci	be	depend	on	the	close	of	the	linkag	of	the	dna	marker	(s)	to	the	dmd	gene;	an	illustr	case	is	reported.	famili	in	which	there	is	a	singl	affect	boy,	who	also	ha	one	or	more	healthi	brother	(n	=	26).	given	an	inform	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	(rflp),	the	probabl	that	the	boy	repres	a	new	mutat	can	be	reassessed;	it	is	also	possibl	to	exclud	the	dmd	gene	in	a	sister.	famili	with	a	singl	affect	boy	with	no	brother	(n	=	30).	here	exclus	of	the	dmd	gene	in	a	sister	may	be	possible.	onli	in	one	famili	wa	there	no	possibl	of	use	linkag	analysis.	the	linkag	analysi	requir	is	described,	and	the	need	to	check	dmd	famili	for	inform	rflp	is	stress
8471773	molecular	character	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	in	patient	of	chines	descent	and	identif	of	new	base	substitut	in	the	human	g6pd	gene.	the	underli	dna	chang	associ	with	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	-defici	asian	have	not	been	extens	investigated.	To	fill	thi	gap,	we	sequenc	the	g6pd	gene	of	43	g6pd-defici	chines	whose	g6pd	wa	well	character	biochemically.	dna	sampl	were	obtain	from	peripher	blood	of	these	individu	for	sequenc	use	a	direct	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	sequenc	procedure.	from	these	43	samples,	we	have	identifi	five	differ	type	of	nucleotid	substitut	in	the	g6pd	gene	at	cdna	1388	from	G	to	A	(arg	to	his);	at	cdna	1376	from	G	to	T	(arg	to	leu);	at	cdna	1024	from	C	to	T	(leu	to	phe);	at	cdna	392	from	G	to	T	(gli	to	val);	at	cdna	95	from	A	to	G	(hi	to	arg).	these	five	nucleotid	substitut	account	for	over	83%	of	our	43	g6pd-defici	sampl	and	these	substitut	have	not	been	report	in	non-asians.	the	substitut	found	at	cdna	392	and	cdna	1024	are	new	findings.	the	substitut	at	cdna	1376	and	1388	account	for	over	50%	of	the	43	sampl	examin	indic	a	high	preval	of	these	two	allel	among	g6pd-defici	chinese.	our	find	add	support	to	the	notion	that	divers	point	mutat	may	account	larg	for	much	of	the	phenotyp	heterogen	of	g6pd	deficiency.
8314592	norri	diseas	gene:	character	of	delet	and	possibl	function.	posit	clone	experi	have	result	recent	in	the	isol	of	a	candid	gene	for	norri	diseas	(pseudoglioma;	ndp),	a	sever	x-link	neurodevelopment	disorder.	here	we	report	the	isol	and	analysi	of	human	genom	dna	clone	encompass	the	ndp	gene.	the	gene	span	28	kb	and	consist	of	3	exons,	the	first	of	which	is	entir	contain	within	the	5	untransl	region.	detail	analysi	of	genom	delet	in	norri	patient	show	that	they	are	heterogeneous,	both	in	size	and	in	position.	By	pcr	analysis,	we	found	that	express	of	the	ndp	gene	wa	not	confin	to	the	eye	or	to	the	brain.	An	extens	dna	and	protein	sequenc	comparison	between	the	human	ndp	gene	and	relat	gene	from	the	databas	reveal	homolog	with	cysteine-rich	protein-bind	domain	of	immediate--earli	gene	implic	in	the	regul	of	cell	proliferation.	We	propos	that	ndp	is	a	molecul	relat	in	function	to	these	gene	and	may	be	involv	in	a	pathway	that	regul	neural	cell	differenti	and	proliferation.
122435	prenat	diagnosi	of	wolman	disease.	two	pregnanc	at	risk	for	wolman	diseas	were	monitor	by	assay	and	electrophoresi	of	acid	lipas	in	cultur	amniotic-fluid	cells.	cell	from	patient	1	had	5%	of	control	level	of	acid	lipase,	use	14c-triolein	as	substrate;	however,	when	artifici	substrat	(ester	of	4-methylumbelliferon	and	p-nitrophenol)	were	use	to	measur	acid	lipase,	these	cell	had	30%	of	control	levels.	electrophoresi	of	cell	extract	reveal	the	absenc	of	the	A	form	of	acid	lipase,	consist	with	the	diagnosi	of	wolman	disease.	analysi	of	fetal	tissu	follow	prostaglandin	termin	of	thi	pregnanc	confirm	the	diagnosis.	assay	of	fetal-skin	fibroblast	with	14c-triolein,	as	well	as	with	artifici	substrates,	show	mark	defici	of	acid	lipas	activity.	electrophoresi	of	fetal-tissu	extract	also	demonstr	the	absenc	of	the	A	form	of	acid	lipase.	amniotic-fluid	cell	from	patient	2	show	normal	level	of	acid	lipas	with	all	substrat	tested;	the	electrophoret	pattern	of	acid	lipas	wa	normal.	the	result	suggest	that	the	prenat	diagnosi	of	wolman	diseas	be	made	use	the	radioassay	of	acid	lipas	and/or	electrophoresis.
7795652	somat	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene	in	sporad	ovarian	tumours.	the	brca1	gene	on	chromosom	17q21	is	respons	for	an	autosom	domin	syndrom	of	increas	suscept	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	but	no	somat	mutat	in	tumour	have	yet	been	described.	To	studi	the	potenti	role	of	brca1	in	sporad	carcinogenesis,	we	analys	the	genom	dna	of	tumour	and	normal	fraction	of	47	ovarian	cancer	for	mutat	in	brca1	use	the	single-strand	conform	polymorph	technique.	We	now	describ	somat	mutat	in	the	dna	of	four	tumour	which	also	had	loss	of	heterozygos	(loh)	at	a	brca1	intragen	marker.	our	data	support	a	tumour	suppressor	mechan	for	brca1;	somat	mutat	and	loh	may	result	in	inactiv	of	brca1	in	at	least	a	small	number	of	ovarian	cancers.
2180286	skew	X	inactiv	in	a	femal	MZ	twin	result	in	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy.	one	of	femal	MZ	twin	present	with	muscular	dystrophy.	physic	examination,	creatin	phosphokinas	levels,	and	muscl	biopsi	were	consist	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	however,	becaus	of	her	sex	she	wa	diagnos	as	have	limb-girdl	muscular	dystrophy.	with	cdna	probe	to	the	dmd	gene,	a	gene	delet	wa	detect	in	the	twin	and	their	mother.	the	de	novo	mutat	which	aros	in	the	mother	wa	shown	by	novel	junction	fragment	gener	by	hindiii,	psti,	or	taqi	when	probe	with	cdna8.	addit	evid	of	a	larg	gene	delet	wa	given	by	novel	sfii	junction	fragment	detect	by	probe	p20,	j-bir,	and	j-66	on	pulsed-field	gel	electrophoresi	(pfge).	immunoblot	analysi	of	muscl	from	the	affect	twin	show	dystrophin	of	normal	size	but	of	reduc	amount.	immunofluoresc	visual	of	dystrophin	reveal	foci	of	dystrophin-posit	fiber	adjac	to	foci	of	dystrophin-neg	fibers.	these	data	indic	that	the	affect	twin	is	a	manifest	carrier	of	an	abnorm	dmd	gene,	her	myopathi	be	a	direct	result	of	underexpress	of	dystrophin.	cytogenet	analysi	reveal	normal	karyotypes,	elimin	the	possibl	of	a	transloc	affect	dmd	gene	function.	both	linkag	analysi	and	dna	fingerprint	analysi	reveal	that	each	twin	ha	two	differ	X	chromosomes,	elimin	the	possibl	of	uniparent	disomi	as	a	mechan	for	dmd	expression.	On	the	basi	of	methyl	differ	of	the	patern	and	matern	X	chromosom	in	these	MZ	twins,	we	propos	uneven	lyoniz	(X	chromosom	inactivation)	as	the	underli	mechan	for	diseas	express	in	the	affect	female.
1316718	coincid	kaposi	sarcoma	and	t-cell	lymphoma	in	a	patient	with	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome.	A	24	year	old	male	with	a	histori	of	eczema,	recurr	mild	infections,	and	thrombocytopenia	consist	with	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	present	with	a	mediastin	mass,	gener	lymphadenopathy,	splenomegaly,	and	sever	thrombocytopenia.	studi	of	immun	function	includ	immunoglobulin	level	and	t-cell	subset	were	normal.	furthermore,	hi	T	lymphocyt	prolifer	normal	in	respons	to	phytohemagglutinin,	concanavalin	A,	and	the	combin	of	neuraminidase/galactos	oxidase.	however,	their	prolif	respons	to	anti-cd43	antibodi	and	period	were	diminished,	consist	with	the	clinic	diagnosi	of	was.	An	initi	inguin	lymph	node	biopsi	surprisingli	reveal	kaposi	sarcoma.	however,	follow	splenectomi	to	increas	the	platelet	count,	biopsi	of	the	mediastin	mass	reveal	t-cell	larg	cell	lymphoma.	studi	of	biopsi	tissu	for	the	presenc	of	epstein-barr	viru	and	cytomegaloviru	were	negative,	as	were	studi	of	blood,	includ	the	polymeras	chain	reaction,	for	the	presenc	of	the	human	immunodefici	viru	(hiv).	thi	is	the	first	report	of	kaposi	sarcoma	aris	in	a	patient	with	a	congenit	immunodefici	syndrome.	although	kaposi	sarcoma	can	aris	in	the	face	of	the	sever	immunosuppress	that	follow	allograft	transplant	and	in	patient	infect	with	hiv,	we	postul	that	longev	in	the	face	of	mild	immunosuppress	wa	the	major	factor	in	the	develop	of	kaposi	sarcoma	in	thi	patient.
7964884	treatment	of	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosis:	effect	of	chenodeoxychol	acid,	pravastatin,	and	combin	use.	treatment	by	oral	administr	of	chenodeoxychol	acid	(cdca)	alone,	3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl	(hmg)	coa	reductas	inhibitor	(pravastatin)	alone,	and	combin	of	the	two	drug	were	attempt	for	7	patient	with	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx).	cdca	treatment	at	a	dose	of	300	mg/day	reduc	serum	cholestanol	(67.	3%	reduction),	lathosterol	(50.	8%),	campesterol	(61.	7%)	and	sitosterol	(12.	7%).	however,	the	sera	of	the	patient	chang	to	be	"	atherogen	";	total	cholesterol,	triglycerid	and	low-dens	lipoprotein	(ldl)	-cholesterol	were	increased,	while	high-dens	lipoprotein	(hdl)	-cholesterol	wa	decreased.	contrarily,	pravastatin	at	a	dose	of	10	mg/day	improv	the	sera	of	the	patient	to	be	markedli	"	anti-atherogen	",	but	the	reduct	of	cholestanol	(30.	4%),	lathosterol	(44.	0%),	campesterol	(22.	9%)	and	sitosterol	(9.	6%)	were	inadequate.	combin	treatment	with	cdca	and	pravastatin	show	good	overlap	of	the	effect	of	each	drug	alone.	the	sera	of	the	patient	were	appar	more	"	anti-atherogen	"	than	those	after	cdca	treatment.	serum	cholestanol	concentr	wa	still	2.	7	time	higher	than	in	controls,	but	the	serum	lathosterol	level	wa	within	the	normal	range,	indic	that	the	enhanc	of	overal	cholesterol	synthesi	in	the	patient	wa	suffici	suppressed.	plant	sterol	level	were	also	within	the	normal	range.	the	combin	of	cdca	and	pravastatin	wa	a	good	treatment	for	ctx,	base	on	the	improv	of	serum	lipoprotein	metabolism,	the	suppress	of	cholesterol	synthesis,	and	reduct	of	cholestanol	and	plant	sterol	levels.	In	all	of	7	patients,	the	progress	of	diseas	wa	arrested,	but	dramat	effect	on	clinic	manifestations,	xanthoma,	and	electrophysiolog	find	could	not	be	found	after	the	treatment	of	these	drug
102474	combin	genet	defici	of	C6	and	C7	in	man.	By	routin	screen	of	sera,	a	subject	wa	discov	who	show	a	sub-tot	defici	of	C6	and	c7.	No	clinic	diseas	wa	associ	with	thi	defici	which	wa	transmit	through	the	subject	famili	as	a	singl	genet	characteristic,	the	C6	defici	be	associ	with	a	silent	allel	at	the	structur	locus.	the	propositu	wa	found	to	have	low	quantiti	of	an	abnorm	C6	which	wa	both	antigen	defici	and	smaller	in	size	than	normal	C6	(110,	000	dalton	compar	with	140,	000	daltons)	and	small	quantiti	of	appar	normal	c7.	It	is	conclud	that	the	most	like	explan	for	thi	defect	is	that	the	subject	ha	a	structur	mutat	in	hi	C6	gene	which	produc	hyopsynthesi	not	onli	of	C6	but	also	of	the	close	link	gene	for	c7.	these	find	suggest	the	possibl	that	C6	and	C7	may	function	as	a	singl	genet	unit	and	that	the	primari	transcript	copi	from	the	genom	includ	inform	for	both	proteins.
2651669	partial	delet	8q	without	langer-giedion	syndrome:	a	recognis	syndrome.	We	report	two	de	novo	case	of	del	(8)	(pter----q24.	1	)	with	breakpoint	involv	the	distal	part	of	band	8q24.	1	1.	the	clinic	featur	were	similar	and	there	were	no	obviou	stigmata	of	langer-giedion	syndrom	(lgs).	there	are	three	other	case	report	with	a	delet	of	chromosom	8	at	approxim	the	same	breakpoint,	one	without	lg	and	some	similar	to	our	cases,	the	other	two	with	lgs.	our	find	would	support	the	observ	that	the	critic	segment	for	the	assign	of	lg	is	proxim	to	or	involv	the	proxim	part	of	8q24.	1,	but	a	review	of	publish	report	suggest	that	the	aetiolog	of	lg	may	be	a	more	complex	issu
10930361	iron-depend	self-assembl	of	recombin	yeast	frataxin:	implic	for	friedreich	ataxia.	frataxin	defici	is	the	primari	caus	of	friedreich	ataxia	(frda),	an	autosom	recess	cardiodegen	and	neurodegen	disease.	frataxin	is	a	nuclear-encod	mitochondri	protein	that	is	wide	conserv	among	eukaryotes.	genet	inactiv	of	the	yeast	frataxin	homologu	(yfh1p)	result	in	mitochondri	iron	accumul	and	hypersensit	to	oxid	stress.	increas	iron	deposit	and	evid	of	oxid	damag	have	also	been	observ	in	cardiac	tissu	and	cultur	fibroblast	from	patient	with	frda.	these	find	indic	that	frataxin	is	essenti	for	mitochondri	iron	homeostasi	and	protect	from	iron-induc	format	of	free	radicals.	the	function	mechan	of	frataxin,	however,	is	still	unknown.	We	have	express	the	matur	form	of	yfh1p	(myfh1p)	in	escherichia	coli	and	have	analyz	it	function	in	vitro.	isol	myfh1p	is	a	solubl	monom	(13,	783	da)	that	contain	no	iron	and	show	no	signific	tendenc	to	self-associate.	aerob	addit	of	ferrou	iron	to	myfh1p	result	in	assembl	of	regular	spheric	multim	with	a	molecular	mass	of	approxim	1.	1	mda	(megadaltons)	and	a	diamet	of	13	+/-2	nm.	each	multim	consist	of	approxim	60	subunit	and	can	sequest	>	3,	000	atom	of	iron.	titrat	of	myfh1p	with	increas	iron	concentr	support	a	stepwis	mechan	of	multim	assembly.	sequenti	addit	of	an	iron	chelat	and	a	reduc	agent	result	in	quantit	iron	releas	with	concomit	disassembl	of	the	multimer,	indic	that	myfh1p	sequest	iron	in	an	avail	form.	In	yeast	mitochondria,	nativ	myfh1p	exist	as	monom	and	a	higher-ord	speci	with	a	molecular	weight	>	600,	000.	after	addit	of	(55)	Fe	to	the	medium,	immunoprecipit	of	thi	speci	contain	>	16	atom	of	(55)	Fe	per	molecul	of	myfh1p.	We	propos	that	iron-depend	self-assembl	of	recombin	myfh1p	reflect	a	physiolog	role	for	frataxin	in	mitochondri	iron	sequestr	and	bioavailability.
10698963	human	mutat	in	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	reflect	evolutionari	history.	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	is	a	cytosol	enzym	encod	by	a	housekeep	x-link	gene	whose	main	function	is	to	produc	nadph,	a	key	electron	donor	in	the	defens	against	oxid	agent	and	in	reduct	biosynthet	reactions.	inherit	g6pd	defici	is	associ	with	either	episod	hemolyt	anemia	(trigger	by	fava	bean	or	other	agents)	or	life-long	hemolyt	anemia.	We	show	here	that	an	evolutionari	analysi	is	a	key	to	understand	the	biolog	of	a	housekeep	gene.	from	the	align	of	the	amino	acid	(aa)	sequenc	of	52	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	speci	from	42	differ	organisms,	we	found	a	strike	correl	between	the	aa	replac	that	caus	g6pd	defici	in	human	and	the	sequenc	conserv	of	g6pd	two-third	of	such	replac	are	in	highli	and	moder	conserv	(50-99%)	aa;	rel	few	are	in	fulli	conserv	aa	(where	they	might	be	lethal)	or	in	poorli	conserv	aa,	where	presum	they	simpli	would	not	caus	g6pd	deficiency.	thi	is	consist	with	the	notion	that	all	human	mutant	have	residu	enzym	activ	and	that	null	mutat	are	lethal	at	some	stage	of	development.	compar	the	distribut	of	mutat	in	a	human	housekeep	gene	with	evolutionari	conserv	is	a	use	tool	for	pinpoint	amino	acid	residu	import	for	the	stabil	or	the	function	of	the	correspond	protein.	In	view	of	the	current	explos	increas	in	full	genom	sequenc	projects,	thi	tool	will	becom	rapidli	avail	for	numer	other	genes.
8162051	region	cluster	apc	mutat	are	associ	with	a	sever	phenotyp	and	occur	at	a	high	frequenc	in	new	mutat	case	of	adenomat	polyposi	coli.	germlin	mutat	in	apc	at	5q21-22	result	in	the	dominantli	inherit	syndrom	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc).	somat	mutat	in	thi	gene	is	an	earli	event	in	colorect	tumourigenesis.	both	type	of	mutat	are	concentr	in	the	5	half	of	exon	15.	We	have	use	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	and	heteroduplex	analysi	to	screen	for	variant	in	thi	region	of	the	gene	in	a	total	of	45	affect	but	unrel	individuals.	eighteen	patient	had	no	famili	histori	of	the	disease;	of	these	11	were	classifi	as	have	a	sever	phenotype,	base	on	an	earli	age	at	present	or	cancer	development.	thi	compar	with	6	of	27	famili	cases.	A	5	bp	delet	at	codon	1309	report	to	occur	in	10-15%	of	unselect	apc	patient	worldwide,	wa	found	in	5	of	the	18	new	mutat	case	and	4	of	the	27	famili	case	all	nine	were	class	as	severe.	A	further	3	new	mutat	and	1	famili	mutat	were	locat	downstream	from	codon	1309,	these	individu	similarli	be	class	as	phenotyp	severe.	In	contrast	all	of	the	apc	mutat	detect	in	affect	individu	with	an	averag	phenotyp	were	locat	prior	to	codon	1309.	the	frequent	associ	of	a	sever	phenotyp	with	fresh	mutat	may	explain	the	appar	conflict	of	a	high	mutat	rate	(20-30%)	in	a	condition,	which	on	average,	is	lethal	at	a	post-reproduct	age.
10205262	analysi	of	alkaptonuria	(aku)	mutat	and	polymorph	reveal	that	the	ccc	sequenc	motif	is	a	mutat	hot	spot	in	the	homogentis	1,2	dioxygenas	gene	(hgo).	We	recent	show	that	alkaptonuria	(aku)	is	caus	by	loss-of-funct	mutat	in	the	homogentis	1,	2	dioxygenas	gene	(hgo).	herein	we	describ	haplotyp	and	mutat	analys	of	hgo	in	seven	new	aku	pedigrees.	these	analys	identifi	two	novel	single-nucleotid	polymorph	(inv4	+	31a--	>	G	and	inv11	+	18a--	>	G)	and	six	novel	aku	mutat	(inv1-1g--	>	A,	w60g,	y62c,	a122d,	p230t,	and	d291e),	which	further	illustr	the	remark	allel	heterogen	found	in	aku.	reexamin	of	all	29	mutat	and	polymorph	thu	far	describ	in	hgo	show	that	these	nucleotid	chang	are	not	randomli	distributed;	the	ccc	sequenc	motif	and	it	invert	complement,	ggg,	are	preferenti	mutated.	these	analys	also	demonstr	that	the	nucleotid	substitut	in	hgo	do	not	involv	cpg	dinucleotides,	which	illustr	import	differ	between	hgo	and	other	gene	for	the	occurr	of	mutat	at	specif	short-sequ	motifs.	becaus	the	ccc	sequenc	motif	compris	a	signific	proport	(34.	5%)	of	all	mutat	base	that	have	been	observ	in	hgo,	we	conclud	that	the	ccc	triplet	is	a	mutat	hot	spot	in	hgo
7450778	further	evid	for	heterogen	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	defici	in	papua	new	guinea.	four	new	g6pd	variant	have	been	character	in	individu	from	papua	new	guinea.	thi	studi	demonstr	that	the	previous	report	markham	variant	and	the	newli	character	salata	variant	may	be	wide	distribut	in	papua	new	guinea.	Th	data	present	here	togeth	with	those	of	previous	publish	studi	demonstr	a	degre	of	heterogen	of	g6pd	defici	that	is	much	higher	than	that	in	other	region	of	the	world	where	g6pd	defici	is	common.
10353787	overgrowth	of	oral	mucosa	and	facial	skin,	a	novel	featur	of	aspartylglucosaminuria.	aspartylglucosaminuria	(agu)	is	a	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	defici	of	aspartylglucosaminidas	(aga).	the	main	symptom	is	progress	mental	retardation.	A	spectrum	of	differ	mutat	ha	been	report	in	thi	disease,	one	missens	mutat	(cys163ser)	be	respons	for	the	major	of	finnish	cases.	We	were	abl	to	examin	66	finnish	agu	patient	for	chang	in	the	oral	mucosa	and	44	of	these	for	chang	in	facial	skin.	biopsi	specimen	of	16	oral	lesions,	12	of	them	associ	with	the	teeth,	plu	two	facial	lesion	were	studi	histologically.	immunohistochem	stain	for	aga	wa	perform	on	15	oral	specimens.	skin	wa	seborrho	in	adolesc	and	adult	patients,	with	erythema	of	the	facial	skin	alreadi	common	in	childhood.	Of	44	patients,	nine	(20%)	had	facial	angiofibromas,	tumour	primarili	occur	in	associ	with	tuber	sclerosis.	oedem	buccal	mucosa	(leucoedema)	and	gingiv	overgrowth	were	more	frequent	in	agu	patient	than	in	control	(p	<	0.	001).	Of	16	oral	mucos	lesion	studi	histologically,	15	repres	fibroepitheli	or	epitheli	hyperplasia	and	were	reactiv	in	nature.	cytoplasm	vacuolis	wa	evid	in	four.	immunohistochemically,	express	of	aga	in	agu	patient	mucos	lesion	did	not	differ	from	that	seen	in	correspond	lesion	of	normal	subjects.	thus,	the	high	frequenc	of	mucos	overgrowth	in	agu	patient	doe	not	appear	to	be	directli	associ	with	lysosom	storag	or	with	alter	in	the	level	of	aga	express
7550229	molecular	character	of	galactosemia	(type	1)	mutat	in	japanese.	We	character	two	novel	mutat	of	the	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferas	(galt)	gene	in	two	japanes	patient	with	galt	defici	and	identifi	n314d	and	r333w	mutations,	previous	found	in	caucasians.	one	novel	missens	mutat	wa	an	g-to-a	transit	in	exon	8,	result	in	the	substitut	of	arginin	by	histidin	at	the	codon	231	(r231h).	galt	activ	of	the	r231h	mutant	construct	wa	reduc	to	15%	of	normal	control	in	a	co	cell	express	system.	the	other	wa	a	splice	mutation,	an	a-to-g	transit	at	the	38th	nucleotid	in	exon	3	(318a--	>	g),	result	in	a	38-bp	delet	in	the	galt	cdna	by	activ	a	cryptic	splice	acceptor	site.	In	seven	japanes	famili	(14	allel	for	classic	form	and	one	allel	for	duart	variant)	with	galt	deficiency,	the	r231h	and	318a--	>	G	mutat	were	found	onli	on	both	allel	of	the	proband.	the	n314d	and	r333w	mutat	were	found	on	one	allel	each.	the	q188r	wa	preval	in	the	unit	state	but	not	in	japanes	patients.	the	n314d	mutat	wa	associ	with	the	duart	variant	in	japanes	persons,	as	well	as	in	the	unit	states.	We	specul	that	classic	galactosemia	mutat	appear	to	differ	between	japanes	and	caucasian	patients.	our	limit	data	set	on	galactosemia	mutat	in	japanes	suggest	that	the	n314d	galt	mutat	encod	the	duart	variant	aros	befor	asian	and	caucasian	peopl	diverg	and	that	classic	galactosemia	mutat	aros	and/or	accumul	after	the	diverg	of	asian	and	caucasian	populations.
1345170	linkag	disequilibrium	map	in	isol	founder	populations:	diastroph	dysplasia	in	finland.	linkag	disequilibrium	map	in	isol	popul	provid	a	power	tool	for	fine	structur	local	of	diseas	genes.	here,	luria	and	delbruck	classic	method	for	analys	bacteri	cultur	are	adapt	to	the	studi	of	human	isol	founder	popul	in	order	to	estim	(i)	the	recombin	fraction	between	a	diseas	locu	and	a	marker;	(ii)	the	expect	degre	of	allel	homogen	in	a	population;	and	(iii)	the	mutat	rate	of	marker	loci.	use	these	methods,	we	report	strike	linkag	disequilibrium	for	diastroph	dysplasia	(dtd)	in	finland	indic	that	the	dtd	gene	should	lie	within	0.	06	centimorgan	(or	about	60	kilobases)	of	the	csf1r	gene.	predict	about	allel	homogen	in	finland	and	mutat	rate	in	simpl	sequenc	repeat	are	confirm	by	independ	observ
10615125	mutat	in	tnfrsf11a,	affect	the	signal	peptid	of	rank,	caus	famili	expansil	osteolysis.	famili	expansil	osteolysi	(feo,	mim	174810)	is	a	rare,	autosom	domin	bone	disord	character	by	focal	area	of	increas	bone	remodelling.	the	osteolyt	lesions,	which	develop	usual	in	the	long	bone	dure	earli	adulthood,	show	increas	osteoblast	and	osteoclast	activity.	our	previou	linkag	studi	map	the	gene	respons	for	feo	to	an	interv	of	less	than	5	cM	between	d18s64	and	d18s51	on	chromosom	18q21.	2-21	2-21.	3	in	a	larg	northern	irish	family.	the	gene	encod	receptor	activ	of	nuclear	factor-kappa	B	(rank;	ref.	5),	tnfrsf11a,	map	to	thi	region.	rank	is	essenti	in	osteoclast	formation.	We	identifi	two	heterozyg	insert	mutat	in	exon	1	of	tnfrsf11a	in	affect	member	of	four	famili	with	feo	or	famili	paget	diseas	of	bone	(pdb).	one	wa	a	duplic	of	18	base	and	the	other	a	duplic	of	27	bases,	both	of	which	affect	the	signal	peptid	region	of	the	rank	molecule.	express	of	recombin	form	of	the	mutant	rank	protein	reveal	perturb	in	express	level	and	lack	of	normal	cleavag	of	the	signal	peptide.	both	mutat	caus	an	increas	in	rank-medi	nuclear	factor-kappab	(nf-kappab)	signal	in	vitro,	consist	with	the	presenc	of	an	activ	mutat
10196381	adrenoleukodystrophy-rel	protein	can	compens	function	for	adrenoleukodystrophi	protein	defici	(x-ald):	implic	for	therapy.	inherit	defect	in	the	peroxisom	atp-bind	cassett	(abc)	transport	adrenoleukodystrophi	protein	(aldp)	lead	to	the	lethal	peroxisom	disord	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(x-ald),	for	which	no	effici	treatment	ha	been	establish	so	far.	three	other	peroxisom	abc	transport	current	are	known	adrenoleukodystrophy-rel	protein	(aldrp),	70	kda	peroxisom	membran	protein	(pmp70)	and	pmp70-	relat	protein.	By	use	transient	and	stabl	overexpress	of	human	cdna	encod	aldp	and	it	closest	rel	aldrp,	we	could	restor	the	impair	peroxisom	beta-oxid	in	fibroblast	of	x-ald	patients.	the	pathognomon	accumul	of	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	could	also	be	prevent	by	overexpress	of	aldrp	in	immort	x-ald	cells.	immunofluoresc	analysi	demonstr	that	the	function	replac	of	aldp	by	aldrp	wa	not	due	to	stabil	of	the	mutat	aldp	itself.	moreover,	we	were	abl	to	restor	the	peroxisom	beta-oxid	defect	in	the	liver	of	aldp-defici	mice	by	stimul	of	aldrp	and	pmp70	gene	express	through	a	dietari	treatment	with	the	peroxisom	prolifer	fenofibrate.	these	result	suggest	that	a	correct	of	the	biochem	defect	in	x-ald	could	be	possibl	by	drug-induc	overexpress	or	ectop	express	of	aldrp.
8317477	the	normal	huntington	diseas	(hd)	allele,	or	a	close	link	gene,	influenc	age	at	onset	of	hd.	We	evalu	the	hypothesi	that	huntington	diseas	(hd)	is	influenc	by	the	normal	HD	allel	by	compar	transmiss	pattern	of	genet	link	marker	at	the	d4s10	locu	in	the	normal	parent	against	age	at	onset	in	the	affect	offspring.	analysi	of	inform	from	21	sibship	in	14	kindr	show	a	signific	tendenc	for	sib	who	have	similar	onset	age	to	share	the	same	d4s10	allel	from	the	normal	parent.	affect	sib	who	inherit	differ	d4s10	allel	from	the	normal	parent	tend	to	have	more	variabl	age	at	onset.	these	find	suggest	that	the	express	of	HD	is	modul	by	the	normal	HD	allel	or	by	a	close	link	locus.
10545613	synergist	effect	of	histon	hyperacetyl	and	dna	demethyl	in	the	reactiv	of	the	fmr1	gene.	most	fragil	X	syndrom	patient	have	expans	of	a	(cgg)	(n)	sequenc	with	>	200	repeat	(full	mutation)	in	the	fmr1	gene	respons	for	thi	condition.	hypermethyl	of	the	expand	repeat	and	of	the	fmr1	promot	is	almost	alway	present	and	appar	suppress	transcription,	result	in	absenc	of	the	fmr1	protein.	We	recent	show	that	transcript	reactiv	of	fmr1	full	mutat	can	be	achiev	by	induc	dna	demethyl	with	5-azadeoxycytidin	(5-azadc).	the	level	of	histon	acetyl	is	anoth	import	factor	in	regul	gene	expression;	therefore,	we	treat	lymphoblastoid	cell	line	of	non-mosa	full	mutat	patient	with	three	drug	capabl	of	induc	histon	hyperacetylation.	We	observ	a	consistent,	although	modest,	reactiv	of	the	fmr1	gene	with	4-phenylbutyrate,	sodium	butyr	and	trichostatin	A,	as	shown	by	rt-pcr.	however,	we	report	that	combin	these	drug	with	5-azadc	result	in	a	2-	to	5-fold	increas	in	fmr1	mrna	level	obtain	with	5-azadc	alone,	thu	show	a	mark	synergist	effect	of	histon	hyperacetyl	and	dna	demethyl	in	the	reactiv	of	fmr1	full	mutations.
1358807	genet	heterogen	in	x-link	amelogenesi	imperfecta.	the	amelx	gene	locat	at	xp22.	1-p22.	3	encod	for	the	enamel	protein	amelogenin	and	ha	been	implic	as	the	gene	respons	for	the	inherit	dental	abnorm	x-link	amelogenesi	imperfecta	(xai).	three	famili	with	xai	have	been	investig	use	polymorph	dna	marker	flank	the	posit	of	amelx.	use	two-point	linkag	analysis,	linkag	wa	establish	between	xai	and	sever	of	these	marker	in	two	families,	with	a	combin	lod	score	of	6.	05	for	dxs16	at	theta	=	0.	04	04.	thi	support	the	involv	of	amelx,	locat	close	to	dxs16,	in	the	xai	diseas	process	(aih1)	in	those	families.	use	multipoint	linkag	analysis,	the	combin	maximum	lod	score	for	these	two	famili	wa	7.	30	for	a	locat	of	aih1	at	2	cM	distal	to	dxs16.	the	support	interv	around	thi	locat	extend	about	8	cM	proxim	to	dxs92,	and	the	aih1	locat	could	not	be	precis	defin	by	multipoint	mapping.	studi	of	recombin	event	indic	that	aih1	lie	in	the	interv	between	dxs143	and	dxs85.	there	wa	signific	evid	against	linkag	to	thi	region	in	the	third	family,	indic	locu	heterogen	in	xai.	further	analysi	with	marker	on	the	long	arm	of	the	X	chromosom	show	evid	of	linkag	to	dxs144e	and	F9	with	no	recombin	with	either	of	these	markers.	two-point	analysi	gave	a	peak	lod	score	at	dxs144e	with	a	maximum	lod	score	of	2.	83	at	theta	=	0,	with	a	peak	lod	score	in	multipoint	linkag	analysi	of	2.	84	at	theta	=	0.	the	support	interv	extend	9	cM	proxim	to	dxs144e	and	14	cM	distal	to	f9.	(abstract	truncat	AT	250	words)
8304342	anonym	marker	loci	within	400	kb	of	hla-a	gener	haplotyp	in	linkag	disequilibrium	with	the	hemochromatosi	gene	(hfe)	the	hemochromatosi	gene	(hfe)	map	to	6p21.	3	and	is	less	than	1	cM	from	the	hla	class	I	genes;	however,	the	precis	physic	locat	of	the	gene	ha	remain	elus	and	controversial.	the	unambigu	identif	of	a	crossov	event	within	hemochromatosi	famili	is	veri	difficult;	it	is	particularli	hamper	by	the	variabl	of	the	phenotyp	express	as	well	as	by	the	sex-	and	age-rel	penetr	of	the	disease.	for	these	practic	considerations,	tradit	linkag	analysi	could	prove	of	limit	valu	in	further	refin	the	extrapol	physic	posit	of	hfe.	We	therefor	embark	upon	a	linkage-disequilibrium	analysi	of	hfe	and	normal	chromosom	from	the	brittani	population.	In	the	present	report,	66	hemochromatosi	famili	yield	151	hemochromatosi	chromosom	and	182	normal	chromosom	were	rflp-type	with	a	batteri	of	probes,	includ	two	newli	deriv	polymorph	marker	from	the	6.	7	and	hla-f	loci	locat	150	and	250	kb	telomer	to	hla-a,	respectively.	the	result	suggest	a	strong	peak	of	exist	linkag	disequilibrium	focus	within	the	i82-to-6.	7	interv	(approxim	250	kb).	the	zone	of	linkag	disequilibrium	is	flank	by	the	i97	locus,	posit	30	kb	proxim	to	i82,	and	the	hla-f	gene,	found	250	kb	distal	to	hla-a,	marker	of	which	display	no	signific	associ	with	hfe.	these	data	support	the	possibl	that	hfe	resid	within	the	400-kb	expans	of	dna	between	i97	and	hla-f.	alternatively,	the	veri	tight	associ	of	hla-a3	and	allel	1	of	the	6.	7	locus,	both	of	which	are	compris	by	the	major	ancestr	or	founder	hfe	haplotyp	in	brittany,	support	the	possibl	that	the	diseas	gene	may	resid	immedi	telomer	to	the	6.	7	locu	within	the	linkage-disequilibrium	zone.	additionally,	hemochromatosi	haplotyp	possess	hla-a11	and	the	low-frequ	hla-f	polymorph	(allel	2)	are	support	of	a	separ	founder	chromosom	contain	a	second,	independ	aris	mutant	allele.	overall,	the	establish	of	a	like	"	hemochromatosi	critic	region	"	centromer	boundari	and	the	identif	of	a	linkage-disequilibrium	zone	both	significantli	contribut	to	a	reduct	in	the	amount	of	dna	requir	to	be	search	for	novel	code	sequenc	constitut	the	hfe	defec
7617034	natur	select	of	hemi-	and	heterozygot	for	g6pd	defici	in	africa	by	resist	to	sever	malaria.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	deficiency,	the	most	common	enzymopathi	of	humans,	affect	over	400	million	people.	the	geograph	correl	of	it	distribut	with	the	histor	endem	of	malaria	suggest	that	thi	disord	ha	risen	in	frequenc	through	natur	select	by	malaria.	however,	attempt	to	confirm	that	g6pd	defici	is	protect	in	case-control	studi	of	malaria	have	yield	conflict	results.	hence,	for	thi	x-link	disorder,	it	is	unclear	whether	both	male	hemizygot	and	femal	heterozygot	are	protect	or,	as	frequent	suggested,	onli	females.	furthermore,	how	much	protect	may	be	afford	is	unknown.	here	we	report	that,	in	two	larg	case-control	studi	of	over	2,	000	african	children,	the	common	african	form	of	g6pd	defici	(g6pd	a-)	is	associ	with	a	46-58%	reduct	in	risk	of	sever	malaria	for	both	femal	heterozygot	and	male	hemizygotes.	A	mathemat	model	incorpor	the	measur	select	advantag	against	malaria	suggest	that	a	counterbalanc	select	disadvantage,	associ	with	thi	enzym	deficiency,	ha	retard	it	rise	in	frequenc	in	malaria-endem	regions.	although	g6pd	defici	is	now	regard	as	a	gener	benign	disorder,	in	earlier	environment	condit	it	could	have	been	significantli	disadvantageous.
6618488	prader-willi	syndrom	and	chromosom	15.	A	clinic	discuss	of	20	cases.	A	chromosom	15	anomali	wa	observ	in	12	of	20	patients,	17	of	whom	were	clinic	suspect	of	have	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	the	clinic	featur	of	eight	case	with	15q11-12	delet	were	veri	similar	to	those	origin	describ	in	pws.	On	the	other	hand,	the	group	of	normal	karyotyp	patient	is	heterogeneous,	and	their	featur	do	not	strictli	correspond	to	the	clinic	definit	of	pws.	however,	the	hypothesi	that	pw	is	associ	with	delet	of	15q11-12	can	neither	explain	the	appar	balanc	transloc	of	chromosom	15	nor	account	for	the	small	supernumerari	metacentr	chromosom	correspond	to	an	isochromosom	15	for	band	15q11	observ	in	some	cases.
1301187	molecular	basi	of	phenylketonuria	and	relat	hyperphenylalaninemias:	mutat	and	polymorph	in	the	human	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene.	mutat	in	the	human	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	produc	phenylketonuria	or	hyperphenylalaninemia	have	now	been	identifi	in	mani	patient	from	variou	ethnic	groups.	these	mutat	all	exhibit	a	high	degre	of	associ	with	specif	restrict	fragment-length	polymorph	haplotyp	at	the	pah	locus.	about	50	of	these	mutat	are	single-bas	substitutions,	includ	six	nonsens	mutat	and	eight	splice	mutations,	with	the	remaind	be	missens	mutations.	one	splice	mutat	result	in	a	3	amino	acid	in-fram	insertion.	two	or	3	larg	deletions,	2	singl	codon	deletions,	and	2	singl	base	delet	have	been	found.	twelv	of	the	missens	mutat	appar	result	from	the	methyl	and	subsequ	deamin	of	highli	mutagen	cpg	dinucleotides.	recurr	mutat	ha	been	observ	at	sever	of	these	sites,	produc	associ	with	differ	haplotyp	in	differ	populations.	about	half	of	all	missens	mutat	have	been	examin	by	in	vitro	express	analysis,	and	a	signific	correl	ha	been	observ	between	residu	pah	activ	and	diseas	phenotype.	sinc	continu	advanc	in	molecular	methodolog	have	dramat	acceler	the	rate	in	which	new	mutat	are	be	identifi	and	characterized,	thi	regist	of	mutat	will	be	updat	periodically.
1483696	the	intron	7	donor	splice	site	transition:	a	second	tay-sach	diseas	mutat	in	french	canada.	mutat	at	the	hexosaminidas	A	(hexa)	gene	which	caus	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	have	elev	frequenc	in	the	ashkenazi	jewish	and	french-canadian	populations.	We	report	a	novel	tsd	allel	in	the	french-canadian	popul	associ	with	the	infantil	form	of	the	disease.	the	mutation,	a	g--	>	A	transit	at	the	+	1	posit	of	intron	7,	abolish	the	donor	splice	site.	cultur	human	fibroblast	from	a	compound	heterozygot	for	thi	transit	(and	for	a	delet	mutation)	produc	no	detect	hexa	mrna.	the	intron	7	+	1	mutat	occur	in	the	base	adjac	to	the	site	of	the	adult-onset	tsd	mutat	(g805a).	In	both	mutat	a	restrict	site	for	the	endonucleas	ecorii	is	abolished.	unambigu	diagnosis,	therefore,	requir	allele-specif	oligonucleotid	hybrid	to	distinguish	between	these	two	mutant	alleles.	the	intron	7	+	1	mutat	ha	been	detect	in	three	unrel	families.	oblig	heterozygot	for	the	intron	7	+	1	mutat	were	born	in	the	saguenay-lac-st-jean	region	of	quebec.	the	most	recent	ancestor	common	to	oblig	carrier	of	thi	mutat	were	from	the	charlevoix	region	of	the	provinc	of	quebec.	thi	mutat	thu	ha	a	differ	geograph	centr	of	diffus	and	is	probabl	less	common	than	the	exon	1	delet	tsd	mutat	in	french	canadians.	neither	mutat	ha	been	detect	in	france,	the	ancestr	homeland	of	french	canada.
10465113	recess	inherit	multipl	epiphys	dysplasia	with	normal	stature,	club	foot,	and	doubl	layer	patella	caus	by	a	dtdst	mutation.	We	have	observ	over	25	differ	mutat	in	the	diastroph	dysplasia	sulphat	transport	gene	(dtdst)	in	associ	with	the	recess	disord	achondrogenesi	1b,	atelosteogenesi	2,	and	diastroph	dysplasia.	the	c862t	(r279w)	transit	is	the	most	common	mutat	in	non-finnish	patients,	but	in	these	disord	it	is	usual	combin	with	other	dtdst	mutations.	We	had	not	seen	a	case	of	homozygos	for	c862t	(r279w)	until	we	analys	dna	from	a	36	year	old	male	with	tall-norm	statur	(180	cm)	who	ask	for	genet	counsel	for	suspect	multipl	epiphys	dysplasia.	He	wa	treat	for	club	foot	and	hip	dysplasia	at	birth.	skelet	chang	consist	with	multipl	epiphys	dysplasia,	with	the	peculiar	find	of	a	doubl	layer	patella,	were	recognis	dure	childhood.	cleft	palate,	swell	of	the	ear	pinna,	and	hitch	hiker	thumb	were	absent.	He	wa	found	to	be	homozygous,	and	both	healthi	parent	heterozygous,	for	the	r279w	mutat	in	dtdst,	and	hi	fibroblast	show	a	sulphat	incorpor	defect	typic	of	dtdst	disorders.	counsel	wa	given	for	a	recess	disorder,	therebi	consider	reduc	the	probabl	of	affect	offspring.	multipl	epiphys	dysplasia	is	more	frequent	caus	by	domin	mutat	in	the	comp	(edm1,	mckusick	132400)	and	col9a2	gene	(edm2,	mckusick	600204).	A	few	other	patient	and	famili	with	featur	similar	to	our	proband	have	been	describ	previous	and	consid	to	have	autosom	recess	med	(edm4,	mckusick	226900).	thi	observ	confirm	the	exist	of	thi	entiti	and	assign	it	to	the	phenotyp	spectrum	associ	with	mutat	at	the	dtdst	locus.
8098180	myoton	dystrophy:	size-	and	sex-depend	dynam	of	ctg	meiotic	instability,	and	somat	mosaicism.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	a	progress	neuromuscular	disord	which	result	from	elong	of	an	unstabl	(ctg)	n	repeat,	locat	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	the	DM	gene.	A	correl	ha	been	demonstr	between	the	increas	in	the	repeat	number	of	thi	sequenc	and	the	sever	of	the	disease.	however,	the	clinic	statu	of	patient	cannot	be	unambigu	ascertain	sole	on	the	basi	of	the	number	of	ctg	repeats.	moreover,	the	exclus	matern	inherit	of	the	congenit	form	remain	unexplained.	our	observ	of	differ	size	repeat	in	variou	DM	tissu	from	the	same	individu	may	explain	whi	the	size	of	the	mutat	observ	in	lymphocyt	doe	not	necessarili	correl	with	the	sever	and	natur	of	symptoms.	through	a	molecular	and	genet	studi	of	142	famili	includ	418	DM	patients,	we	have	investig	the	dynam	of	the	ctg	repeat	meiotic	instability.	A	posit	correl	between	the	size	of	the	repeat	and	the	intergener	enlarg	wa	observ	similarli	through	male	and	femal	meios	for	<	or	=	0.	5-kb	ctg	sequences.	beyond	0.	5	kb,	the	intergener	variat	wa	more	import	through	femal	meioses,	wherea	a	tendenc	to	compress	wa	observ	almost	exclus	in	male	meioses,	for	>	or	=	1.	5-kb	fragments.	thi	impli	a	size-	and	sex-depend	meiotic	instability.	moreover,	segreg	analysi	support	the	hypothesi	of	a	matern	as	well	as	a	famili	predisposit	for	the	occurr	of	the	congenit	form.	finally,	thi	analysi	reveal	a	signific	excess	of	transmit	grandfath	partial	account	for	by	increas	fertil	in	affect	male
1517503	fatal	pyoderma	gangrenosum	in	associ	with	C7	deficiency.	although	pyoderma	gangrenosum	(pg)	is	often	associ	with	system	diseases,	it	ha	not	been	report	in	associ	with	congenit	complement	deficiencies.	We	describ	an	aggress	and	ultim	fatal	case	of	PG	in	a	patient	with	a	congenit	C7	deficiency.	defici	of	C7	can	be	associ	with	decreas	neutrophil	chemotaxis,	phagocytosis,	and	opsonization,	similar	to	the	immunolog	abnorm	describ	in	patient	with	pg.	our	patient	decreas	complement	level,	if	not	directli	relat	to	the	develop	of	pg,	may	have	contribut	to	the	aggress	natur	of	her	disease.
8589715	emerin	defici	at	the	nuclear	membran	in	patient	with	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophy.	mutat	in	the	sta	gene	at	the	xq28	locu	have	been	found	in	patient	with	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(edmd).	thi	gene	encod	a	hitherto	unknown	protein	name	emerin.	To	elucid	the	subcellular	local	of	emerin,	we	rais	two	antisera	against	synthet	peptid	fragment	predict	from	emerin	cdna.	use	both	antisera,	we	found	posit	nuclear	membran	stain	in	skeletal,	cardiac	and	smooth	muscl	in	the	normal	control	and	in	patient	with	neuromuscular	diseas	other	than	edmd.	In	contrast,	a	defici	in	immunofluoresc	stain	of	skelet	and	cardiac	muscl	from	edmd	patient	wa	observed.	A	34	kD	protein	is	immunoreact	with	the	antisera--th	protein	is	equival	to	that	predict	for	emerin.	together,	our	find	suggest	the	specif	defici	of	emerin	in	the	nuclear	membran	of	muscl	cell	in	patient	with	edmd.
7652577	A	p16ink4a-insensit	cdk4	mutant	target	by	cytolyt	T	lymphocyt	in	a	human	melanoma.	A	mutat	cyclin-depend	kinas	4	(cdk4)	wa	identifi	as	a	tumor-specif	antigen	recogn	by	hla-a2.	1-restrict	autolog	cytolyt	T	lymphocyt	(ctls)	in	a	human	melanoma.	the	mutat	cdk4	allel	wa	present	in	autolog	cultur	melanoma	cell	and	metastasi	tissue,	but	not	in	the	patient	lymphocytes.	the	mutation,	an	arginine-to-cystein	exchang	at	residu	24,	wa	part	of	the	cdk4	peptid	recogn	by	ctl	and	prevent	bind	of	the	cdk4	inhibitor	p16ink4a,	but	not	of	p21	or	of	p27kip1.	the	same	mutat	wa	found	in	one	addit	melanoma	among	28	melanoma	analyzed.	these	result	suggest	that	mutat	of	cdk4	can	creat	a	tumor-specif	antigen	and	can	disrupt	the	cell-cycl	regul	exert	by	the	tumor	suppressor	p16ink4a.
10487710	molecular	analysi	in	famili	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidus:	earli	diagnosi	of	an	asymptomat	carrier.	famili	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	(fndi)	is	an	inherit	defici	of	the	hormon	arginin	vasopressin	(avp)	and	is	transmit	as	an	autosom	domin	trait.	In	the	present	studi	we	have	analyz	the	avp-neurophysin	II	(avp-npii)	gene	in	a	spanish	kindred.	studi	were	perform	on	seven	member	(four	clinic	affected)	of	the	family.	patient	were	diagnos	at	the	hospit	universitario	gregorio	maranon	(madrid,	spain).	the	entir	code	region	of	the	avp-npii	gene	of	all	famili	member	wa	amplifi	by	pcr	and	sequenced.	all	affect	individu	present	a	missens	mutat	(g1757--	>	A)	that	replac	glycin	at	posit	23	with	arginin	within	the	npii	domain.	the	substitut	wa	confirm	by	restrict	endonucleas	analysi	and	wa	present	in	heterozygosis.	additionally,	one	of	the	asymptomat	rel	(a	girl	8	month	old	at	the	time	of	study)	wa	identifi	as	carrier	of	the	same	mutat	and	develop	the	diseas	3	month	later.	the	alter	found	in	the	second	exon	of	the	gene	in	thi	famili	seem	to	be	respons	for	the	disease,	as	all	individu	harbor	the	mutat	had	been	previous	diagnos	or	have	eventu	develop	fndi.	identif	of	the	molecular	defect	underli	fndi	in	affect	famili	is	a	power	tool	for	earli	asymptomat	diagnosi	in	infants.
3572301	sialophorin,	a	surfac	sialoglycoprotein	defect	in	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome,	is	involv	in	human	T	lymphocyt	proliferation.	the	mab	l10	wa	use	to	determin	the	distribut	and	the	function	of	sialophorin,	the	heavili	glycosyl	surfac	molecul	that	is	deficient/defect	in	lymphocyt	of	patient	with	the	x-link	immunodefici	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome.	dual-paramet	fac	analysi	indic	that	sialophorin	is	express	on	cd4	+	and	cd8	+	lymphocytes,	on	a	subpopul	of	peripher	blood	B	lymphocytes,	on	all	thymocytes,	and	on	a	subpopul	of	bone	marrow	cells.	function	studi	demonstr	that	l10	mab	stimul	the	prolifer	of	peripher	blood	T	lymphocyt	as	measur	by	stimul	of	[3h]	thymidin	incorporation.	the	time	cours	and	magnitud	of	increas	[3h]	thymidin	incorpor	by	T	lymphocyt	in	respons	to	l10	mab	parallel	that	induc	by	anti-cd3	mab.	effect	stimul	wa	depend	on	the	presenc	of	monocyt	and	the	Fc	portion	of	l10	mab.	stimul	of	lymphocyt	by	l10,	like	stimul	by	anti-cd3	mab,	involv	increas	express	of	4f2,	hla-dr,	and	il-2-r.	these	observ	suggest	that	sialophorin	function	in	T	cell	activation.
10732811	character	of	the	rat	spinocerebellar	ataxia	type	3	gene.	machado-joseph	diseas	(mjd)	belong	to	a	group	of	clinic	and	genet	heterogen	neurodegen	disord	character	by	progress	cerebellar	ataxia.	the	disease-caus	mutat	ha	recent	been	identifi	as	an	unstabl	and	expand	(cag)	n	trinucleotid	repeat	in	a	novel	gene	of	unknown	function.	In	caucasians,	repeat	expans	in	the	mjd1	gene	have	also	been	found	in	patient	with	the	clinic	distinct	autosom	domin	spinocerebellar	ataxia	type	3	(sca3).	In	order	to	gain	insight	into	the	biolog	of	the	mjd1/sca3	gene	we	clone	the	rat	homologu	and	studi	it	expression.	the	rat	and	human	ataxin-3	gene	are	highli	homolog	with	an	overal	sequenc	ident	of	approxim	88%.	however,	the	c-termin	end	of	the	put	protein	differ	strongli	from	the	publish	human	sequence.	the	(cag)	n	block	in	the	rat	cdna	consist	of	just	three	interrupt	unit	suggest	that	a	long	polyglutamin	stretch	is	not	essenti	for	the	normal	function	of	the	ataxin-3	protein	in	rodents.	the	express	pattern	of	the	sca3	gene	in	variou	rat	and	human	tissu	wa	investig	by	northern	blot	analyses.	the	matur	transcript	is	approxim	6	kb	in	length.	In	rat	testis,	a	smaller	transcript	of	1.	3	kb	wa	identified.	transcript	of	rsca3	wa	detect	in	most	rat	tissu	includ	brain.	analyz	the	express	level	of	the	sca3	gene	in	sever	human	brain	section	reveal	no	signific	higher	mrna	level	in	region	predominantli	affect	in	mjd.	thu	addit	molecul	and/or	regulatori	event	are	necessari	to	explain	the	exclus	degener	of	certain	brain	area
7630639	the	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma	pax3/fkhr	fusion	protein	is	a	transcript	activator.	chimer	transcript	factors,	creat	by	gene	fusion	as	the	result	of	chromosom	translocations,	have	been	implic	in	the	pathogenesi	of	sever	patholog	dispar	solid	tumors.	the	pax3/fkhr	fusion	gene,	form	by	a	t	(2;	13)	(q35;	q14)	in	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma,	encod	a	hybrid	protein	that	contain	both	pax3	dna	bind	domains,	the	pair	box	and	homeodomain,	link	to	the	bisect	dna	bind	domain	of	fkhr,	a	member	of	the	forkhead	famili	of	transcript	factors.	here	we	report	that	pax3	and	pax3/fkhr	display	similar,	but	not	ident	transactiv	activ	when	test	with	model	pax	recognit	sequences.	No	function	role	could	be	ascrib	sole	to	the	residu	fkhr	bind	domain	present	in	the	fusion	protein,	but	fkhr	wa	found	to	contribut	a	strong	carboxyl	termin	activ	domain	replac	the	one	locat	in	the	unrearrang	pax3	gene.	We	show	that	the	nativ	pax3/fkhr	protein	present	in	tumor	cell	with	thi	transloc	ha	transcript	characterist	similar	to	the	in	vitro	express	protein.	the	abil	of	the	pax3/fkhr	hybrid	protein	to	bind	dna	in	a	sequenc	specif	manner	and	to	transactiv	the	express	of	artifici	report	gene	suggest	that	it	aberr	express	could	subvert	the	transcript	program	that	normal	control	the	growth,	differentiation,	and	surviv	of	primit	myogen	precursor	in	vivo.
7581380	myotonia	levior	is	a	chlorid	channel	disorder.	the	group	of	domin	non-dystroph	myotonias,	compris	disord	character	by	clinic	similar	form	of	myogen	muscl	stiffness,	is	genet	inhomogeneous.	domin	myotonia	congenita	(thomsen	disease)	is	link	to	clcn1,	the	gene	encod	the	major	muscl	chlorid	channel,	local	on	chromosom	7q35.	In	contrast,	domin	myotonia	sensit	to	potassium	are	caus	by	point	mutat	in	scn4a	on	chromosom	17q,	the	gene	for	the	alpha	subunit	of	the	adult	skelet	muscl	sodium	channel.	No	linkag	or	molecular	genet	data	are	as	yet	avail	on	myotonia	levior	character	by	milder	symptom	and	later	onset	of	myotonia	than	in	thomsen	disease,	and	absenc	of	muscl	hypertrophy.	We	report	a	clcn1	gln-552-arg	substitut	for	a	famili	with	domin	inherit	previous	diagnos	to	have	myotonia	levior.	thus,	thi	disord	appear	as	a	variant	of	thomsen	diseas	due	to	mutat	lead	to	low	clinic	expressivity.	In	addition,	we	report	a	novel	ile-290-met	clcn1	mutat	for	a	typic	thomsen	pedigree.	In	anoth	famili	previous	diagnos	as	have	thomsen	disease,	we	unexpectedli	found	a	clcn1	14	bp	delet	known	to	caus	recess	myotonia,	and	a	rare	trp-118-gli	polymorphism.
8282802	markedli	acceler	catabol	of	apolipoprotein	a-ii	(apoa-ii)	and	high	densiti	lipoprotein	contain	apoa-ii	in	classic	lecithin:	cholesterol	acyltransferas	defici	and	fish-ey	disease.	classic	(complete)	lecithin	cholesterol	acyltransferas	(lcat)	defici	and	fish-ey	diseas	(partial	lcat	deficiency)	are	genet	syndrom	associ	with	markedli	decreas	plasma	level	of	high	densiti	lipoprotein	(hdl)	cholesterol	but	not	with	an	increas	risk	of	atherosclerot	cardiovascular	disease.	We	investig	the	metabol	of	the	hdl	apolipoprotein	(apo)	apoa-i	and	apoa-ii	in	a	total	of	five	patient	with	lcat	deficiency,	one	with	classic	lcat	defici	and	four	with	fish-ey	disease.	plasma	level	of	apoa-ii	were	decreas	to	a	proportion	greater	extent	(23%	of	normal)	than	apoa-i	(30%	of	normal).	In	addition,	plasma	concentr	of	hdl	particl	contain	both	apoa-i	and	apoa-ii	(lpa-i	a-ii)	were	much	lower	(18%	of	normal)	than	those	of	particl	contain	onli	apoa-i	(lpa-i)	(51%	of	normal).	the	metabol	basi	for	the	low	level	of	apoa-ii	and	lpa-i	a-ii	wa	investig	in	all	five	patient	use	both	exogen	radiotrac	and	endogen	stabl	isotop	label	techniques.	the	mean	plasma	resid	time	of	apoa-i	wa	decreas	at	2.	08	+/-	0.	27	d	(control	4.	74	+/-	0.	65	days);	however,	the	resid	time	of	apoa-ii	wa	even	shorter	at	1.	66	+/-	0.	24	d	(control	5.	25	+/-	0.	61	d).	In	addition,	the	catabol	of	apoa-i	in	lpa-i	a-ii	wa	substanti	faster	than	that	of	apoa-i	in	lpa-i.	In	summary,	genet	syndrom	of	either	complet	or	partial	lcat	defici	result	in	low	level	of	hdl	through	preferenti	hypercatabol	of	apoa-ii	and	hdl	particl	contain	apoa-ii.	becaus	lpa-i	ha	been	propos	to	be	more	protect	than	lpa-i	a-ii	against	atherosclerosis,	thi	select	effect	on	the	metabol	of	lpa-i	a-ii	may	provid	a	potenti	explan	whi	patient	with	classic	lcat	defici	and	fish-ey	diseas	are	not	at	increas	risk	for	prematur	atherosclerosi	despit	markedli	decreas	level	of	hdl	cholesterol	and	apoa-
10598803	the	ident	5'	splice-sit	acceptor	mutat	in	five	attenu	apc	famili	from	newfoundland	demonstr	a	founder	effect.	inherit	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	predispos	carrier	to	multipl	adenomat	polyp	of	the	colon	and	rectum	and	to	colorect	cancer.	mutat	locat	at	the	extrem	5	end	of	the	apc	gene,	however,	are	associ	with	a	less	sever	diseas	known	as	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(aapc).	mani	individu	with	aapc	develop	rel	few	colorect	polyp	but	are	still	at	high	risk	for	colorect	cancer.	We	report	here	the	identif	of	a	5	apc	germlin	mutat	in	five	separ	ascertain	aapc	famili	from	newfoundland,	canada.	thi	disease-caus	mutat	is	a	singl	basepair	chang	(G	to	A)	in	the	splice-acceptor	region	of	apc	intron	3	that	creat	a	mutant	rna	without	exon	4	of	apc.	the	observ	of	the	same	apc	mutat	in	five	famili	from	the	same	geograph	area	demonstr	a	founder	effect.	furthermore,	the	identif	of	thi	germlin	mutat	strengthen	the	correl	between	the	5	locat	of	an	apc	disease-caus	mutat	and	the	attenu	polyposi	phenotype.
1973404	linkag	of	aspartylglucosaminuria	(agu)	to	marker	loci	on	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	4.	aspartylglucosaminuria	(agu)	is	caus	by	defici	activ	of	the	enzym	aspartylglucosaminidas	(aga).	the	structur	gene	for	aga	ha	been	assign	to	the	region	4q21-qter	of	chromosom	4.	We	have	studi	the	map	posit	of	the	agu	locu	in	relat	to	other	marker	loci	on	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	4	use	linkag	analyses.	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	allel	for	the	adh2,	adh3,	egf,	FG	alpha	and	FG	beta	loci	and	blood	group	antigen	for	the	mn	locu	were	determin	in	a	panel	of	12	finnish	agu	families.	the	heterozyg	famili	member	were	identifi	by	reduc	activ	of	aga	in	lymphocytes.	linkag	studi	were	perform	use	both	pairwis	and	multipoint	analyses.	loos	linkag	of	the	agu	locu	to	the	FG	and	mn	loci	wa	observ	(z	=	1.	16,	z	=	1.	39,	respectively).	multipoint	analysi	to	the	fix	map	[adh-	(0.	03)	-egf-	(0.	35)	-fg-	(0.	11)	-mns]	suggest	that	the	locat	of	the	agu	locu	is	0.	05-0.	30	recombin	unit	distal	to	mn	(z	=	3.	03).	the	order	cen-adh-egf-fg-mns-agu	is	35	time	more	like	than	the	next	best	order	cen-adh-egf-agu-fg-mn
1671851	linkag	analysi	in	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	and	applic	in	post-	and	prenat	diagnosis.	We	have	perform	linkag	analysi	with	the	dna	marker	dxs52	and	the	clot	factor	viii	gene	(f8c),	in	sever	larg	famili	with	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald).	the	tight	linkag	to	dxs52	could	be	extend	give	a	maxim	lod	score	of	22.	5	at	1	cm.	f8c	wa	also	tightli	link	to	ald	with	a	maxim	lod	score	of	7.	8	without	recombination.	multipoint	linkag	analysi	with	the	marker	dxs304,	dxs52,	and	f8c	indic	that	both	the	gene	for	ald	and	for	f8c	are	distal	to	dxs52.	In	four	patient	with	ald,	no	major	structur	rearrang	in	the	xqter	region	wa	observed;	in	particular,	there	were	no	abnorm	in	the	vision	blind	genes.	dna	analysi	appear	to	be	of	use	in	determin	of	the	carrier	statu	of	femal	at	risk,	for	the	determin	of	the	origin	of	the	mutat	in	a	particular	family,	and	for	prenat	diagnosi
10090890	multicentr	origin	of	hemochromatosi	gene	(hfe)	mutations.	genet	hemochromatosi	(gh)	is	believ	to	be	a	diseas	restrict	to	those	of	european	ancestry.	In	northwestern	europe,	>	80%	of	GH	patient	are	homozyg	for	one	mutation,	the	substitut	of	tyrosin	for	cystein	at	posit	282	(c282y)	in	the	unprocess	protein.	In	a	proport	of	GH	patients,	two	mutat	are	present,	c282i	and	h63d.	the	clinic	signific	of	thi	second	mutat	is	such	that	it	appear	to	predispos	1%	-2%	of	compound	heterozygot	to	express	of	the	disease.	the	distribut	of	the	two	mutat	differ,	c282i	be	limit	to	those	of	northwestern	european	ancestri	and	h63d	be	found	at	allel	frequenc	>	5%,	in	europe,	in	countri	border	the	mediterranean,	in	the	middl	east,	and	in	the	indian	subcontinent.	the	c282i	mutat	occur	on	a	haplotyp	that	extend	</=	6	mb,	suggest	that	thi	mutat	ha	arisen	dure	the	past	2,	000	years.	the	h63d	mutat	is	older	and	doe	not	occur	on	such	a	larg	extend	haplotype,	the	haplotyp	in	thi	case	extend	</=	700	kb.	here	we	report	the	find	of	the	h63d	and	c282i	mutat	on	new	haplotypes.	In	sri	lanka	we	have	found	h63d	on	three	new	haplotyp	and	have	found	c282i	on	one	new	haplotype,	demonstr	that	these	mutat	have	arisen	independ	on	thi	island.	these	result	suggest	that	the	hfe	gene	ha	been	the	subject	of	select	pressure.	these	select	pressur	could	be	due	to	infecti	diseases,	environment	conditions,	or	other	genet	disord	such	as	anemia
3563511	identif	and	local	of	mutat	at	the	lesch-nyhan	locu	by	ribonucleas	A	cleavage.	mani	mutat	lead	to	human	diseas	are	the	result	of	singl	dna	base	pair	chang	that	cannot	be	identifi	by	southern	analysis.	thi	ha	prompt	the	develop	of	altern	assay	for	point	mutat	detection.	the	recent	describ	ribonucleas	A	cleavag	procedure,	with	a	polyuridyl	acid-pap	affin	chromatographi	step,	ha	been	use	to	identifi	the	mutat	lesion	in	the	hypoxanthin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt)	messeng	rna	of	patient	with	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	distinct	ribonucleas	A	cleavag	pattern	were	identifi	in	messeng	rna	from	5	of	14	lesch-nyhan	patient	who	were	chosen	becaus	no	hprt	southern	or	northern	blot	pattern	chang	had	been	found.	thi	approach	now	allow	hprt	mutat	detect	in	50	percent	of	the	case	of	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	the	polyuridyl	acid-pap	affin	procedur	provid	a	gener	method	for	analysi	of	low	abund	messeng	rnas.
10364520	mefv-gen	analysi	in	armenian	patient	with	famili	mediterranean	fever:	diagnost	valu	and	unfavor	renal	prognosi	of	the	m694v	homozyg	genotype-genet	and	therapeut	implications.	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf)	is	a	recess	inherit	disord	that	is	common	in	patient	of	armenian	ancestry.	To	date,	it	diagnosis,	which	can	be	made	onli	retrospectively,	is	one	of	exclusion,	base	entir	on	nonspecif	clinic	sign	that	result	from	seros	inflamm	and	that	may	lead	to	unnecessari	surgery.	renal	amyloidosis,	prevent	by	colchicine,	is	the	most	sever	complic	of	fmf,	a	disord	associ	with	mutat	in	the	mefv	gene.	To	evalu	the	diagnost	and	prognost	valu	of	mefv-gen	analysis,	we	investig	90	armenian	fmf	patient	from	77	unrel	famili	that	were	not	select	through	genetic-linkag	analysis.	eight	mutations,	one	of	which	(r408q)	is	new,	were	found	to	account	for	93%	of	the	163	independ	fmf	alleles,	with	both	fmf	allel	identifi	in	89%	of	the	patients.	In	sever	instances,	famili	studi	provid	molecular	evid	for	pseudodomin	transmiss	and	incomplet	penetr	of	the	diseas	phenotype.	the	m694v	homozyg	genotyp	wa	found	to	be	associ	with	a	higher	preval	of	renal	amyloidosi	and	arthritis,	compar	with	other	genotyp	(P	=.	0002	and	P	=.	006,	respectively).	the	demonstr	of	both	the	diagnost	and	prognost	valu	of	mefv	analysi	and	particular	mode	of	inherit	should	lead	to	new	way	for	manag	of	fmf-includ	genet	counsel	and	therapeut	decis	in	affect	famili
7568002	identif	and	local	of	huntingtin	in	brain	and	human	lymphoblastoid	cell	line	with	anti-fus	protein	antibodies.	the	huntington	diseas	(hd)	phenotyp	is	associ	with	expans	of	a	trinucleotid	repeat	in	the	it15	gene,	which	is	predict	to	encod	a	348-kda	protein	name	huntington.	We	use	polyclon	and	monoclon	anti-fus	protein	antibodi	to	identifi	nativ	huntingtin	in	rat,	monkey,	and	human.	western	blot	reveal	a	protein	with	the	expect	molecular	weight	which	is	present	in	the	solubl	fraction	of	rat	and	monkey	brain	tissu	and	lymphoblastoid	cell	from	control	cases.	In	lymphoblastoid	cell	line	from	juvenile-onset	heterozygot	HD	cases,	both	normal	and	mutant	huntingtin	are	expressed,	and	increas	repeat	expans	lead	to	lower	level	of	the	mutant	protein.	immunocytochemistri	indic	that	huntingtin	is	locat	in	neuron	throughout	the	brain,	with	the	highest	level	evid	in	larger	neurons.	In	the	human	striatum,	huntingtin	is	enrich	in	a	patch-lik	distribution,	potenti	correspond	to	the	first	area	affect	in	hd.	subcellular	local	of	huntingtin	is	consist	with	a	cytosol	protein	primarili	found	in	somatodendrit	regions.	huntingtin	appear	to	particularli	associ	with	microtubules,	although	some	is	also	associ	with	synapt	vesicles.	On	the	basi	of	the	local	of	huntingtin	in	associ	with	microtubules,	we	specul	that	the	mutat	impair	the	cytoskelet	anchor	or	transport	of	mitochondria,	vesicles,	or	other	organel	or	molecules.
1319838	correl	between	the	locat	of	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	apc	gene	and	the	number	of	colorect	polyp	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	patients.	recent	we	have	isol	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	which	caus	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap),	and	it	germ-lin	mutat	in	a	substanti	number	of	fap	patient	have	been	identified.	On	the	basi	of	thi	information,	we	compar	the	locat	of	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	apc	gene	in	22	unrel	patient	(12	of	whom	have	been	report	previously)	with	the	number	of	colorect	polyp	develop	in	fap	patients;	17	were	spars	type	and	five	were	profus	types.	all	but	one	of	the	mutat	were	consid	to	caus	truncat	of	the	gene	product	by	frame-shift	due	to	delet	(14	cases)	or	nonsens	mutat	(seven	cases).	the	locat	of	the	germ-lin	mutat	seem	to	correl	with	the	two	clinic	types;	germ-lin	mutat	in	five	fap	patient	with	profus	polyp	were	observ	between	codon	1250	and	codon	1464,	wherea	mutat	in	17	fap	patient	with	fewer	polyp	were	observ	in	the	other	region	of	the	apc	gene.	the	result	suggest	that	the	number	of	colorect	polyp	in	fap	patient	may	be	associ	with	a	differ	in	the	stabil	or	biolog	function	of	the	truncat	apc	protein.
10480348	duchenne/beck	muscular	dystrophy:	correl	of	phenotyp	by	electroretinographi	with	site	of	dystrophin	mutations.	the	dark-adapt	electroretinogram	(erg)	of	patient	with	duchenn	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd/bmd)	show	a	mark	reduct	in	b-wave	amplitude.	genotype-phenotyp	studi	of	mous	model	for	dmd	show	position-specif	effect	of	the	mutat	upon	the	phenotyp	mice	with	5	defect	of	dystrophin	have	normal	ergs,	those	with	defect	in	the	central	region	have	a	normal	b-wave	amplitud	associ	with	prolong	implicit	time	for	both	the	b-wave	and	oscillatori	potentials,	and	mice	with	3	defect	have	a	phenotyp	similar	to	that	seen	in	dmd/bmd	patients.	the	mous	studi	suggest	a	key	role	for	the	carboxyl	termin	dystrophin	isoform,	dp260,	in	retin	electrophysiology.	We	have	undertaken	a	systemat	evalu	of	dmd/bmd	patient	through	clinic	examin	and	review	of	the	literatur	in	order	to	determin	whether	the	position-specif	effect	of	mutat	note	in	the	mous	are	present	in	man.	We	have	found	that,	in	man,	a	wider	variat	of	dmd	defect	correl	with	reduct	in	the	b-wave	amplitude.	individu	with	normal	erg	have	mutat	predominantli	locat	5	of	the	transcript	initi	site	of	dp260.	our	result	suggest	that	the	most	import	determin	in	the	erg	b-wave	phenotyp	is	the	mutat	position,	rather	than	muscl	diseas	severity.	forty-six	per	cent	of	patient	with	mutat	5	of	the	dp260	transcript	start	site	have	abnorm	ergs,	as	oppos	to	94%	with	more	distal	mutations.	the	human	genotype-phenotyp	correl	are	consist	with	a	role	for	dp260	in	normal	retin	electrophysiolog	and	may	also	reflect	the	express	of	other	c-termin	dystrophin	isoform	and	their	contribut	to	retin	signal	transmission.
1610789	molecular	character	of	two	galactosemia	mutat	and	one	polymorphism:	implic	for	structure-funct	analysi	of	human	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferase.	We	report	here	the	molecular	character	of	two	galactosemia	mutations,	l74p	and	f171s,	and	one	polymorphism,	s135l,	in	human	galactose-1-phosph	uridyltransferas	(galt).	both	galactosemia	mutat	result	in	reduc	enzymat	activ	when	reconstruct	in	the	cdna	and	overexpressed.	the	polymorphism,	in	contrast,	ha	near	normal	activity.	both	mutat	affect	evolutionarili	conserv	residues,	suggest	that	they	are	function	important,	while	the	polymorph	occur	in	a	nonconserv	domain	which	is	presum	not	critic	for	enzymat	function.	the	f171	mutat	is	close	to	the	put	active-sit	nucleophile.	our	data	further	support	the	notion	of	molecular	heterogen	of	galactosemia	and	suggest	that	galactosemia	mutat	and	galt	polymorph	may	be	use	tool	in	highlight	differ	function	domain	in	human	galt.
10777718	gaucher	disease:	the	origin	of	the	ashkenazi	jewish	n370	and	84gg	acid	beta-glucosidas	mutations.	type	1	gaucher	diseas	(gd),	a	non-neuronopath	lysosom	storag	disorder,	result	from	the	defici	activ	of	acid	beta-glucosidas	(gba).	type	1	diseas	is	panethn	but	is	more	preval	in	individu	of	ashkenazi	jewish	(aj)	descent.	Of	the	caus	gba	mutations,	n370	is	particularli	frequent	in	the	AJ	population,	(q	approximately.	03),	wherea	the	84gg	insert	(q	approximately.	003)	occur	exclus	in	the	ashkenazim.	To	investig	the	genet	histori	of	these	mutat	in	the	AJ	population,	short	tandem	repeat	(str)	marker	were	use	to	map	a	9.	3-cm	region	contain	the	gba	locu	and	to	genotyp	261	AJ	n370	chromosomes,	60	european	non-jewish	n370	chromosomes,	and	62	AJ	84gg	chromosomes.	A	highli	conserv	haplotyp	at	four	marker	flank	gba	(pklr,	d1s1595,	d1s2721,	and	d1s2777)	wa	observ	on	both	the	AJ	chromosom	and	the	non-jewish	n370	chromosomes,	suggest	the	occurr	of	a	founder	common	to	both	populations.	Of	note,	the	presenc	of	differ	diverg	haplotyp	suggest	the	occurr	of	de	novo,	recurr	n370	mutations.	In	contrast,	a	differ	conserv	haplotyp	at	these	marker	wa	identifi	on	the	84gg	chromosomes,	which	wa	uniqu	to	the	AJ	population.	On	the	basi	of	the	linkag	disequilibrium	(ld)	delta	values,	the	non-jewish	european	n370	chromosom	had	greater	haplotyp	divers	and	less	LD	at	the	marker	flank	the	conserv	haplotyp	than	did	the	AJ	n370	chromosomes.	thi	find	is	consist	with	the	presenc	of	the	n370	mutat	in	the	non-jewish	european	popul	prior	to	the	found	of	the	AJ	population.	coalesc	analys	for	the	n370	and	84gg	mutat	estim	similar	coalesc	times,	of	48	and	55.5	gener	ago,	respectively.	the	result	of	these	studi	are	consist	with	a	signific	bottleneck	occur	in	the	AJ	popul	dure	the	first	millennium,	when	the	popul	becam	establish	in	europ
8209890	investig	of	thermoregulatori	characterist	in	patient	with	prader-willi	syndrome.	A	survey	instrument	is	use	to	assess	temperatur	regul	characterist	in	children	with	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	compar	to	3	control	group	sib	of	pw	patient	(sib),	neurodevelopment	handicap	children	(nd),	and	age	and	gender	match	well	children	(wc).	signific	differ	were	found	between	pw	patients,	sib	controls,	and	WC	control	in	the	preval	of	febril	convulsions,	fever-associ	symptoms,	and	temperatur	less	than	94	degre	F.	No	differ	were	note	in	ani	variabl	between	the	pw	patient	and	the	ND	controls,	suggest	that	these	abnorm	are	not	uniqu	to	pws,	but	can	occur	in	ani	neurodevelopment	handicap	individual,	further	suggest	these	do	not	necessarili	reflect	syndrome-specif	hypothalam	abnormalities.
7298854	abnorm	high	densiti	lipoprotein	in	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosis.	the	plasma	lipoprotein	profil	and	high	densiti	lipoprotein	(hdl)	were	character	in	patient	with	the	genet	diseas	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx).	abnorm	in	the	hdl	may	contribut	to	their	increas	atherogenesi	and	excess	deposit	of	tissu	sterol	in	the	presenc	of	low	or	low-norm	concentr	of	plasma	cholesterol	(165	+/-	25	mg/dl)	and	low	densiti	lipoprotein	(ldl).	the	mean	hdl-cholesterol	concentr	in	the	ctx	plasma	wa	14.	5	+/-	3.	2	mg/dl,	about	one-third	the	normal	value.	the	low	hdl-cholesterol	reflect	a	low	concentr	and	an	abnorm	lipid	composit	of	the	plasma	hdl.	rel	to	normal	hdl,	the	cholesteryl	ester	are	low,	free	cholesterol	and	phospholipid	essenti	normal,	and	triglycerid	increased.	the	ratio	of	apoprotein	(apo)	to	total	cholesterol	in	the	hdl	of	ctx	wa	two	to	three	time	greater	than	normal.	In	the	ctx	hdl,	the	ratio	of	apoai	to	apoaii	wa	high,	the	proport	of	apoc	low,	and	a	normal	minor	form	of	apoai	increas	rel	to	other	forms.	the	hdl	in	electron	micrograph	appear	normal	morpholog	and	in	particl	size.	the	abnorm	in	lipoprotein	distribut	profil	and	composit	of	the	plasma	hdl	result	from	metabol	defect	that	are	not	understood	but	may	be	link	to	the	genet	defect	in	bile	acid	synthesi	in	ctx.	As	a	consequence,	it	is	probabl	that	the	normal	function	of	the	hdl,	possibl	includ	modul	of	ldl-cholesterol	uptak	and	the	remov	of	excess	cholesterol	from	peripher	tissues,	are	perturb	significantli	in	thi	diseas
10330348	splice	defect	in	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	gene,	atm:	underli	mutat	and	consequences.	mutat	result	in	defect	splice	constitut	a	signific	proport	(30/62	[48%])	of	a	new	seri	of	mutat	in	the	atm	gene	in	patient	with	ataxia-telangiectasia	(at)	that	were	detect	by	the	protein-trunc	assay	follow	by	sequenc	analysi	of	genom	dna.	fewer	than	half	of	the	splice	mutat	involv	the	canon	AG	splice-acceptor	site	or	GT	splice-donor	site.	A	higher	percentag	of	mutat	occur	at	less	stringent	conserv	sites,	includ	silent	mutat	of	the	last	nucleotid	of	exons,	mutat	in	nucleotid	other	than	the	conserv	AG	and	GT	in	the	consensu	splice	sites,	and	creation	of	splice-acceptor	or	splice-donor	site	in	either	intron	or	exons.	these	splice	mutat	led	to	a	varieti	of	consequences,	includ	exon	skip	and,	to	a	lesser	degree,	intron	retention,	activ	of	cryptic	splice	sites,	or	creation	of	new	splice	sites.	In	addition,	5	of	12	nonsens	mutat	and	1	missens	mutat	were	associ	with	delet	in	the	cdna	of	the	exon	in	which	the	mutat	occurred.	No	atm	protein	wa	detect	by	western	blot	in	ani	AT	cell	line	in	which	splice	mutat	were	identified.	sever	case	of	exon	skip	in	both	normal	control	and	patient	for	whom	no	underli	defect	could	be	found	in	genom	dna	were	also	observed,	suggest	caution	in	the	interpret	of	exon	delet	observ	in	atm	cdna	when	there	is	no	accompani	identif	of	genom	mutations.
10593994	mutat	of	the	cathepsin	C	gene	are	respons	for	papillon-lefevr	syndrome.	papillon-lefevr	syndrom	(pls)	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	characteris	by	palmoplantar	hyperkeratosi	and	sever	earli	onset	periodont	that	result	in	the	prematur	loss	of	the	primari	and	secondari	dentitions.	A	major	gene	locu	for	pl	ha	been	map	to	a	2.	8	cM	interv	on	chromosom	11q14.	correl	of	physic	and	genet	map	of	thi	interv	indic	it	includ	at	least	40	est	and	six	known	gene	includ	the	lysosom	proteas	cathepsin	C	gene	(ctsc).	the	ctsc	messag	is	express	at	high	level	in	a	varieti	of	immun	cell	includ	polymorphonuclear	leucocytes,	macrophages,	and	their	precursors.	By	rt-pcr,	we	found	ctsc	is	also	express	in	epitheli	region	commonli	affect	by	pls,	includ	the	palms,	soles,	knees,	and	oral	keratinis	gingiva.	the	4.	7	kb	ctsc	gene	consist	of	two	exons.	sequenc	analysi	of	ctsc	from	subject	affect	with	pl	from	five	consanguin	turkish	famili	identifi	four	differ	mutations.	An	exon	1	nonsens	mutat	(856c--	>	T)	introduc	a	prematur	stop	codon	at	amino	acid	286.	three	exon	2	mutat	were	identified,	includ	a	singl	nucleotid	delet	(2692dela)	of	codon	349	introduc	a	frameshift	and	prematur	termin	codon,	a	2	bp	delet	(2673-2674delct)	that	result	in	introduct	of	a	stop	codon	at	amino	acid	343,	and	a	g--	>	A	substitut	in	codon	429	(2931g--	>	A)	introduc	a	prematur	termin	codon.	all	pl	patient	were	homozyg	for	cathepsin	C	mutat	inherit	from	a	common	ancestor.	parent	and	sib	heterozyg	for	cathepsin	C	mutat	do	not	show	either	the	palmoplantar	hyperkeratosi	or	sever	earli	onset	periodont	characterist	of	pls.	A	more	complet	understand	of	the	function	physiolog	of	cathepsin	C	carri	signific	implic	for	understand	normal	and	abnorm	skin	develop	and	periodont	diseas	susceptibilit
2910902	identif	of	a	singl	nucleotid	chang	in	the	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	gene	(hprtyale)	respons	for	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	complet	defici	of	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt)	caus	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	previou	character	of	a	mutant	form	of	hprt,	hprtyale,	from	a	subject	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	reveal	normal	mrna	and	protein	concentrations,	no	residu	catalyt	activity,	and	cathod	migrat	upon	page.	We	have	clone	and	sequenc	hprtyal	cdna.	the	nucleotid	sequenc	of	full-length	hprtyal	cdna	reveal	a	singl	nucleotid	substitut	compar	with	normal	hprt	cdna	g----c	at	nucleotid	posit	211.	thi	transvers	predict	substitut	of	arginin	for	glycin	at	amino	acid	posit	71,	explain	the	cathod	migrat	of	hprtyale.	chou-fasman	secondari	structur	analysi	predict	a	chang	in	the	probabl	of	beta-turn	format	in	the	region	contain	the	mutation.	inclus	of	the	bulki	arginin	side	chain	in	place	of	glycin	probabl	disrupt	protein	fold	as	well.	clone	mutant	form	of	cdna	allow	identif	of	specif	mutations,	provid	insight	into	mutat	mechanisms,	and	facilit	structure-funct	analysi	of	mutant	proteins.
2927388	molecular	detect	of	chromosom	transloc	that	disrupt	the	put	retinoblastoma	suscept	locus.	A	candid	dna	sequenc	with	mani	of	the	properti	predict	for	the	retinoblastoma	suscept	(rb1)	locu	ha	been	clone	(s.	H.	friend,	R.	bernards,	S.	rogelj,	R.	A.	weinberg,	J.	M.	rapaport,	D.	M.	albert,	and	T.	P.	dryja,	natur	[london]	323	643-645,	1986).	the	larg	size	of	thi	gene	(ca.	200	kilobas	[kb])	and	it	multipl	dispers	exon	(wigg	et	al.,	N.	engl.	J.	med.	318	151-157,	1988)	complic	molecular	screen	strategi	import	in	prenat	and	presymptomat	diagnosi	and	in	carrier	detection.	here	we	use	field	invers	gel	electrophoresi	(fige)	to	construct	a	restrict	map	of	approxim	1,	000	kb	of	dna	surround	the	rb1	locu	and	to	detect	the	transloc	breakpoint	in	three	retinoblastoma	patients.	dna	probe	from	either	the	5	or	3	end	of	the	gene	were	use	to	detect	a	250-kb	eagi	restrict	fragment	in	dna	from	unaffect	individuals.	both	probe	identifi	an	addit	hybrid	fragment	in	the	dna	from	each	patient,	permit	the	breakpoint	in	all	three	to	be	map	within	the	clone	rb1	gene.	analysi	of	the	breakpoint	in	one	transloc	cell	line	allow	the	rb1	gene	to	be	orient	with	it	5	end	toward	the	centromere.	the	5	end	of	the	gene	also	appear	to	be	associ	with	a	cluster	of	site	for	sever	infrequ	cleav	restrict	enzymes,	indic	the	presenc	of	an	hpaii	tini	fragment	island.	the	detect	and	map	of	the	transloc	breakpoint	of	all	three	retinoblastoma	patient	to	within	the	put	rb1	gene	substanti	the	authent	of	thi	candid	sequenc	and	demonstr	the	util	of	fige	in	detect	chromosom	rearrang	affect	thi	locu
1338906	constitut	mutat	in	the	wt1	gene	in	patient	with	denys-drash	syndrome.	the	denys-drash	syndrom	is	characteris	by	a	typic	nephropathy,	genit	abnorm	and	also	predispos	to	the	develop	of	wilm	tumor.	these	patient	eventu	go	into	end	stage	renal	failure.	A	candid	wilm	tumor	gene,	wt1,	from	the	11p13	chromosom	region	ha	recent	been	cloned.	We	have	analys	the	dna	sequenc	in	constitut	cell	from	eight	patient	and	have	shown	heterozyg	mutat	in	six	of	them.	four	of	the	mutat	were	in	exon	9,	all	result	in	missens	mutations.	three	were	at	nucleotid	posit	1180	result	in	an	arg	>	trp	amino	acid	change.	the	other	wa	at	posit	1186	convert	an	asp	>	asn	in	the	predict	result	protein.	one	patient	had	a	missens	mutat	in	exon	8,	convert	an	arg	>	his.	A	singl	base	pair	insert	at	nucleotid	posit	821	in	exon	6	result	in	the	gener	of	a	prematur	stop	codon	in	the	last	patient.	We	were	unabl	to	find	a	mutat	in	one	patient	despit	complet	sequenc	of	the	genom	sequenc	of	the	gene.	the	last	patient	carri	a	constitut	delet	of	the	11p13	region	and	no	addit	mutat	wa	found.	there	wa	no	obviou	correl	between	the	type	of	mutat	and	phenotyp	expression.	these	result	further	demonstr	that	the	wt1	gene	is	import	in	both	the	develop	of	the	kidney	and	the	genito-urinari	system.
8198124	four	novel	pepd	allel	caus	prolidas	deficiency.	mutat	at	the	pepd	locu	caus	prolidas	defici	(mckusick	170100),	a	rare	autosom	recess	disord	character	by	iminodipeptiduria,	skin	ulcers,	mental	retardation,	and	recurr	infections.	four	pepd	mutat	from	five	sever	affect	individu	were	character	by	analysi	of	reverse-transcribed,	pcr-amplifi	(rt-pcr)	cdna.	We	use	sscp	analysi	on	four	overlap	cdna	fragment	cover	the	entir	code	region	of	the	pepd	gene	and	detect	abnorm	sscp	band	for	the	fragment	span	all	or	part	of	exon	13-15	in	three	of	the	probands.	direct	sequenc	of	the	mutant	cdna	show	a	g--	>	A,	1342	substitut	(g448r)	in	two	patient	and	a	3-bp	delet	(delta	e452	or	delta	e453)	in	another.	In	the	other	two	proband	the	amplifi	product	were	of	reduc	size.	direct	sequenc	of	these	mutant	cdna	reveal	a	delet	of	exon	5	in	one	patient	and	of	exon	7	in	the	other.	intron	sequenc	flank	exon	5	and	7	were	identifi	use	invers	pcr	follow	by	direct	sequencing.	convent	pcr	and	direct	sequenc	then	establish	the	intron-exon	border	of	the	mutant	genom	dna	reveal	two	splice	acceptor	mutat	a	g--	>	C	substitut	at	posit	-1	of	intron	4	and	an	a--	>	G	substitut	at	posit	-2	of	intron	6.	our	result	indic	that	the	sever	form	of	prolidas	defici	is	caus	by	multipl	pepd	alleles.	In	thi	report	we	attempt	to	begin	the	process	of	describ	these	allel	and	catalog	their	phenotyp	expression.
2817003	transloc	t(5;11)(q13.1;p13)	associ	with	famili	isol	aniridia.	A	father	and	daughter	with	isol	aniridia	were	observ	to	have	an	appar	balanced,	reciproc	transloc	involv	chromosom	5	and	11	[t	(5;	11)	(q13.	1;	p13)].	No	other	clinic	characterist	often	associ	with	the	delet	of	11p13	were	observ	in	thi	family.	thi	finding,	in	associ	with	3	other	instanc	of	singl	break	at	11p13	and	aniridia,	support	the	assign	of	an2	to	11p13
10382909	genotype-phenotyp	analysi	in	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	and	identif	of	a	missens	mutat	associ	with	a	milder	phenotype.	direct	sequenc	of	the	emerin	gene	in	22	famili	with	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(emd)	reveal	mutat	in	21	(95%),	confirm	that	emerin	mutat	can	be	identifi	in	the	major	of	famili	with	x-link	emd.	most	emerin	mutat	result	in	absenc	of	the	protein.	In	thi	studi	three	mutat	(a	missens	mutat	pro183thr	and	two	in-fram	delet	remov	residu	95-99	and	236-241,	respectively)	were	unusu	in	be	associ	with	express	of	mutant	protein.	the	phenotyp	in	these	famili	wa	compar	in	detail	with	the	clinic	featur	in	case	with	typic	null	mutations.	for	the	in-fram	delet	there	were	no	signific	differences.	In	the	famili	with	the	missens	mutat	the	phenotyp	wa	milder.	age	at	onset	wa	later	for	first	symptom	and	for	develop	of	ankl	contractur	and	muscl	weakness.	these	find	have	diagnost	implic	as	well	as	point	to	function	import	region	of	the	emerin	protein.
10947987	asef,	a	link	between	the	tumor	suppressor	apc	and	g-protein	signaling.	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	gene	(apc)	is	mutat	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	and	in	sporad	colorect	tumors.	here	the	apc	gene	product	is	shown	to	bind	through	it	armadillo	repeat	domain	to	a	rac-specif	guanin	nucleotid	exchang	factor	(gef),	term	asef.	endogen	apc	coloc	with	asef	in	mous	colon	epitheli	cell	and	neuron	cells.	furthermore,	apc	enhanc	the	gef	activ	of	asef	and	stimul	asef-medi	cell	flattening,	membran	ruffling,	and	lamellipodia	format	in	mdck	cells.	these	result	suggest	that	the	apc-asef	complex	may	regul	the	actin	cytoskelet	network,	cell	morpholog	and	migration,	and	neuron	function.
3600794	local	of	the	region	homolog	to	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	locu	on	the	mous	X	chromosome.	recent	progress	ha	result	in	part	of	the	gene	mutat	in	duchenn	and	the	milder	becker	muscular	dystrophi	be	clone	and	ha	suggest	that	the	gene	itself	extend	over	1,	000	to	2,	000	kilobas	(kb).	To	studi	how	mutat	in	thi	gene	affect	muscl	develop	and	integrity,	it	would	be	of	interest	to	have	avail	a	mous	model	of	the	human	disease.	the	mous	mdx	mutat	affect	muscl	and	confer	a	mild	dystroph	syndrome,	but	it	is	not	clear	whether	thi	mutat	is	equival	to	duchenne/beck	muscular	dystrophi	in	man.	here	we	describ	the	use	of	two	sequenc	from	the	human	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene	that	cross-hybrid	to	mous	x-link	sequenc	to	local	the	gene	homolog	to	dmd	in	the	mouse.	both	sequenc	map	to	the	region	of	10	centimorgan	lie	between	the	tabbi	(ta)	and	st14-1	(dxpas8)	loci,	close	to	the	phosphorylas	b	kinas	locu	(phk).	By	analog	with	the	human	x-chromosome,	we	conclud	that	the	region	in	the	mous	around	the	g6pd	and	st14-1	loci	may	contain	two	gene	correspond	to	distinct	human	myopathi	emeri	dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	which	is	known	to	be	close	link	to	st14-1	in	man	and	the	dmd	homologu	describ	here.
1301937	molecular	basi	of	hexosaminidas	A	defici	and	pseudodefici	in	the	berk	counti	pennsylvania	dutch.	follow	the	birth	of	two	infant	with	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd),	a	non-jewish,	pennsylvania	dutch	kindr	wa	screen	for	tsd	carrier	use	the	biochem	assay.	A	high	frequenc	of	individu	who	appear	to	be	tsd	heterozygot	wa	detect	(kelli	et	al.,	1975).	clinic	and	biochem	evid	suggest	that	the	increas	carrier	frequenc	wa	due	to	at	least	two	alter	allel	for	the	hexosaminidas	A	alpha-subunit.	We	now	report	two	mutant	allel	in	thi	pennsylvania	dutch	kindred,	and	one	polymorphism.	one	allele,	report	origin	in	a	french	tsd	patient	(akli	et	al.,	1991),	is	a	gt--	>	AT	transit	at	the	donor	splice-sit	of	intron	9.	the	second,	a	c--	>	T	transit	at	nucleotid	739	(arg247trp),	ha	been	shown	by	triggs-rain	et	al.	(1992)	to	be	a	clinic	benign	"	pseudodefici	"	allel	associ	with	reduc	enzym	activ	against	artifici	substrate.	finally,	a	polymorph	[g--	>	A	(759)],	which	leav	valin	at	codon	253	unchanged,	is	describ
3856322	gene	transfer	and	express	of	human	phenylalanin	hydroxylase.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	caus	by	a	genet	defici	of	the	enzym	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	A	full-length	complementari	dna	clone	of	human	pah	wa	insert	into	a	eukaryot	express	vector	and	transfer	into	mous	nih3t3	cell	which	do	not	normal	express	pah.	the	transform	mous	cell	express	pah	messeng	rna,	immunoreact	protein,	and	enzymat	activ	that	are	characterist	of	the	normal	human	liver	products,	demonstr	that	a	singl	gene	contain	all	of	the	necessari	genet	inform	to	code	for	function	pah.	these	result	support	the	use	of	the	human	pah	probe	in	prenat	diagnosi	and	detect	of	carriers,	to	provid	new	opportun	for	the	biochem	character	of	normal	and	mutant	enzymes,	and	in	the	investig	of	altern	genet	therapi	for	pku.
8302543	macular	dystrophi	associ	with	mutat	at	codon	172	in	the	human	retin	degener	slow	gene.	background	recently,	mutat	in	the	retin	degener	slow	(rds)	gene	which	code	for	peripherin-rd	have	been	implic	as	a	caus	of	autosom	domin	retin	pigmentosa.	becaus	thi	gene	is	express	in	both	rod	and	cones,	mutat	in	the	rd	gene	might	be	expect	to	caus	degener	affect	either	the	scotop	or	photop	systems.	mutat	at	codon	172	of	the	rd	gene	have	been	identifi	in	three	famili	with	autosom	dominantli	inherited,	progress	macular	dystrophy.	method	affect	individu	underw	ophthalm	examination,	scotop	perimetry,	dark	adaptometry,	measur	of	color-contrast	sensitivity,	and	electroretinographi	to	character	the	photoreceptor	dysfunction.	result	In	all	but	one	affect	member,	symptom	of	progress	central	visual	loss	develop	in	the	third	or	fourth	decad	of	life	accompani	by	central	scotoma	and	well-demarc	atrophi	of	the	retin	pigment	epithelium	and	choriocapillari	of	the	macula.	In	general,	cone	and	rod	threshold	were	elevated,	and	color-contrast	sensit	wa	absent	in	the	central	visual	field.	peripherally,	the	scotop	sensit	were	normal,	as	wa	the	recoveri	from	bleach.	cone	electroretinogram	were	diminish	in	amplitude,	and	delay	in	all	affect	adult	except	one.	rod	electroretinogram	were	normal	or	near	normal	in	amplitude,	and	had	normal	implicit	times.	affect	asymptomat	children	had	macular	changes,	abnorm	color-contrast	sensitivity,	and	reduc	pattern	and	cone	electroretinograms.	conclus	these	result	indic	that	mutat	in	the	rd	gene	can	be	express	as	a	macular	dystrophy,	with	evid	of	primari	cone	dysfunct	and	preserv	of	peripher	rod	function.
23402	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	variants:	Gd	(+)	alexandra	associ	with	neonat	jaundic	and	Gd	(-)	camperdown	in	a	young	man	with	lamellar	cataracts.	two	male	subject	are	described,	with	unusu	clinic	present	and	with	hitherto	undescrib	g6pd	variants.	the	first,	of	italian	extraction,	suffer	from	sever	neonat	jaundic	follow	matern	ingest	of	fresh	broad	bean	(vicia	fava)	both	prenat	and	postnat	the	express	of	the	enzymat	defect	wa	much	more	sever	in	the	neonat	period	than	on	retest	in	adolescence,	when	biochem	character	show	uniqu	featur	which	justifi	design	as	a	new	variant	Gd	(+)	alexandra.	the	second	patient,	a	boy	of	maltes	extract	who	wa	found	to	have	bilater	lamellar	cataract	at	the	age	of	4	years,	wa	identifi	as	g6pd	defici	onli	as	a	result	of	a	survey	of	children	of	mediterranean	origin	with	unexplain	cataract	formation;	he	ha	approxim	15%	of	normal	enzym	activity,	with	anoth	uniqu	combin	of	biochem	characterist	which	ha	led	to	it	design	as	Gd	(-)	camperdown.	although	thi	associ	may	be	coincidental,	it	prompt	further	attent	to	the	possibl	that	under	certain	circumst	g6pd	defici	may	favor	cataract	formation.	the	two	case	illustr	the	valu	of	character	of	the	mutant	enzym	whenev	unexpect	clinic	or	laboratori	result	are	obtained.
2989709	dna	restrict	fragment	associ	with	alpha	1-antitrypsin	indic	a	singl	origin	for	defici	allel	PI	Z.	the	alpha	1-proteas	inhibitor,	or	alpha-antitrypsin	(aat),	a	major	plasma	inhibitor	of	leukocyt	elastas	and	bacteri	proteases,	is	encod	at	the	PI	locu	on	chromosom	14	(14q24.	3-q32.	1).	A	defici	of	aat	in	individu	homozyg	for	the	PI	Z	allel	occur	in	about	1	in	2,	000-8,	000	caucasian	and	is	associ	with	an	increas	risk	of	earli	adult	onset	emphysema	and	liver	diseas	in	childhood.	We	have	now	use	dna	polymorph	associ	with	the	aat	gene	to	investig	the	origin	of	the	PI	Z	allele.	use	two	genom	probe	extend	into	the	5	and	3	flank	regions,	respectively,	we	have	identifi	eight	polymorph	restrict	sites.	extens	linkag	disequilibrium	occur	throughout	the	probe	region	with	the	PI	Z	allele,	but	not	with	normal	PI	M	alleles.	the	Z	allel	occur	mainli	with	one	haplotype,	indic	a	single,	rel	recent,	origin	in	caucasian
10976074	myoton	dystrophi	in	transgen	mice	express	an	expand	cug	repeat.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm),	the	most	common	form	of	muscular	dystrophi	in	adult	humans,	result	from	expans	of	a	ctg	repeat	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	the	dmpk	gene.	the	mutant	dmpk	messeng	rna	(mrna)	contain	an	expand	cug	repeat	and	is	retain	in	the	nucleus.	We	have	express	an	untransl	cug	repeat	in	an	unrel	mrna	in	transgen	mice.	mice	that	express	expand	cug	repeat	develop	myotonia	and	myopathy,	wherea	mice	express	a	nonexpand	repeat	did	not.	thus,	transcript	with	expand	cug	repeat	are	suffici	to	gener	a	DM	phenotype.	thi	result	support	a	role	for	rna	gain	of	function	in	diseas	pathogenesis.
10797418	submicroscop	delet	in	cousin	with	prader-willi	syndrom	caus	a	grandmatrilin	inherit	pattern:	effect	of	imprinting.	the	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	critic	region	on	15q11-q13	is	subject	to	imprinting.	pw	becom	appar	when	gene	on	the	patern	inherit	chromosom	are	not	expressed.	famili	pw	is	rare.	We	report	on	a	famili	in	which	a	male	and	a	femal	patern	first	cousin	both	have	pw	with	cytogenet	normal	karyotypes.	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	(fish)	analysi	show	a	submicroscop	delet	of	snrpn,	but	not	the	close	associ	loci	d15s10,	d15s11,	d15s63,	and	gabrb3.	the	cousin	father	and	two	patern	aunt	have	the	same	delet	and	are	clinic	normal.	the	grandmoth	of	the	cousin	is	deceas	and	not	avail	for	study,	and	their	grandfath	is	not	delet	for	snrpn.	dna	methyl	analysi	of	d15s63	is	consist	with	an	abnorm	of	the	imprint	center	associ	with	pws.	"	grandmatrilin	"	inherit	occur	when	a	woman	with	delet	of	an	imprinted,	patern	express	gene	is	at	risk	of	have	affect	grandchildren	through	her	sons.	In	thi	case,	pw	doe	not	becom	evid	as	long	as	the	delet	is	pass	through	the	matrilin	line.	thi	repres	a	uniqu	inherit	pattern	due	to	imprinting.
10915770	express	and	imprint	of	magel2	suggest	a	role	in	prader-willi	syndrom	and	the	homolog	murin	imprint	phenotype.	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	is	caus	by	the	loss	of	express	of	imprint	gene	in	chromosom	15q11-q13.	affect	individu	exhibit	neonat	hypotonia,	development	delay	and	childhood-onset	obesity.	necdin,	a	protein	implic	in	the	termin	differenti	of	neurons,	is	the	onli	pw	candid	gene	to	reduc	viabil	when	disrupt	in	a	mous	model.	In	thi	study,	we	have	character	magel2	(also	known	as	ndnl1),	a	gene	with	51%	amino	acid	sequenc	similar	to	necdin	and	locat	41	kb	distal	to	ndn	in	the	pw	delet	region.	magel2	is	express	predominantli	in	brain,	the	primari	tissu	affect	in	pw	and	in	sever	fetal	tissu	as	shown	by	northern	blot	analysis.	magel2	is	imprint	with	monoallel	express	in	control	brain,	and	paternal-onli	express	in	the	central	nervou	system	as	demonstr	by	it	lack	of	express	in	brain	from	a	pws-affect	individual.	the	ortholog	mous	gene	(magel2)	is	locat	within	150	kb	of	ndn	,	is	imprint	with	paternal-onli	express	and	is	express	predominantli	in	late	development	stage	and	adult	brain	as	shown	by	northern	blotting,	rt-pcr	and	whole-mount	rna	in	situ	hybridization.	magel2	distribut	partial	overlap	that	of	ndn	,	with	strong	express	be	detect	in	the	central	nervou	system	in	mid-gest	mous	embryo	by	in	situ	hybridization.	We	hypothes	that,	although	loss	of	necdin	express	may	be	import	in	the	neonat	present	of	pws,	loss	of	magel2	may	be	critic	to	abnorm	in	brain	develop	and	dysmorph	featur	in	individu	with	pws.
1968617	A	singl	origin	of	phenylketonuria	in	yemenit	jews.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	a	metabol	diseas	caus	by	recess	mutat	of	the	gene	encod	the	hepat	enzym	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	the	incid	of	pku	vari	wide	across	differ	geograph	areas,	and	is	highest	(about	1	in	5,	000	live	births)	in	ireland	and	western	scotland,	and	among	yemenit	jews.	A	limit	number	of	point	mutat	account	for	most	of	the	pku	case	in	the	european	population.	here	we	report	that	a	singl	molecular	defect--a	delet	span	the	third	exon	of	the	pah	gene--i	respons	for	all	the	pku	case	among	the	yemenit	jews.	examin	of	a	random	sampl	of	yemenit	jew	use	a	molecular	probe	that	detect	the	carrier	of	thi	delet	indic	a	high	frequenc	of	the	defect	gene	in	thi	community.	although	the	delet	pah	gene	wa	trace	to	25	differ	locat	throughout	yemen,	famili	histori	and	offici	document	of	the	yemenit	jewish	commun	show	that	the	common	ancestor	of	all	the	carrier	of	thi	genet	defect	live	in	sana,	the	capit	of	yemen,	befor	the	eighteenth	century.
7909252	high	resolut	genet	analysi	suggest	one	ancestr	predispos	haplotyp	for	the	origin	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	mutation.	the	mutat	caus	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	ha	been	identifi	as	an	amplif	of	an	unstabl	trinucleotid	(ctg)	n	repeat	in	over	99%	of	the	global	DM	population.	It	is	in	complet	linkag	disequilibrium	with	an	alu	element	polymorph	within	the	DM	kinas	gene,	suggest	that	DM	is	a	consequ	of	one	or	few	ancestr	mutations.	A	recent	analysi	util	thi	polymorph	as	well	as	a	flank	dinucleotid	marker,	suggest	that	similar	to	fragil	X	syndrome,	DM	exhibit	a	founder	effect	(imbert	et	al.,	1993	natur	genet.	4,	72-76).	In	contrast,	the	low	reproduct	fit	of	individu	with	congenit	DM	(the	endpoint	of	genet	anticip	in	myoton	dystrophy)	suggest	a	higher	rate	of	new	mutations.	We	present	a	high	resolut	genet	analysi	of	the	DM	locu	use	pcr	base	assay	of	nine	polymorphisms,	span	a	physic	distanc	of	30	kb,	within	and	immedi	flank	the	DM	kinas	gene.	the	persist	complet	allel	associ	of	the	DM	mutat	with	all	these	polymorph	provid	further	support	to	previou	observ	and	suggest	more	strongli	that	the	DM	mutat	occur	on	the	background	of	a	particular	haplotyp	in	which	the	(ctg)	n	repeat	becam	inher	unstabl	and	therefor	predispos	to	amplif
1322637	identif	and	rapid	detect	of	three	tay-sach	mutat	in	the	moroccan	jewish	population.	infantil	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	hexa	gene	that	result	in	the	complet	absenc	of	beta-hexosaminidas	A	activity.	It	is	well	known	that	an	elev	frequenc	of	tsd	mutat	exist	among	ashkenazi	jews.	more	recent	it	ha	becom	appar	that	elev	carrier	frequenc	for	tsd	also	occur	in	sever	other	ethnic	groups,	includ	moroccan	jews,	a	subgroup	of	sephard	jews.	elsewher	we	report	an	in-fram	delet	of	one	of	the	two	adjac	phenylalanin	codon	at	posit	304	or	305	(delta	f304/305)	in	one	hexa	allel	of	a	moroccan	jewish	tsd	patient	and	in	three	oblig	carrier	from	six	unrel	moroccan	jewish	families.	We	have	now	identifi	two	addit	mutat	within	exon	5	of	the	hexa	gene	that	account	for	the	remain	tsd	allel	in	the	patient	and	carriers.	one	of	the	mutat	is	a	novel	c-to-g	transversion,	result	in	a	replac	of	tyr180	by	a	stop	codon.	the	other	mutat	is	a	g-to-a	transit	result	in	an	arg170-to-gln	substitution.	thi	mutat	is	at	a	cpg	site	in	a	japanes	infant	with	tay-sach	diseas	and	wa	describ	elsewhere.	analysi	of	nine	oblig	carrier	from	seven	unrel	famili	show	that	four	harbor	the	delta	f304/305	mutation,	two	the	arg170----gln	mutation,	and	one	the	tyr180----stop	mutation.	We	also	have	develop	rapid,	nonradioact	assay	for	the	detect	of	each	mutation,	which	should	be	help	for	carrier	screening.
7490097	map	of	the	mous	homologu	of	the	wilson	diseas	gene	to	mous	chromosom	8.	atp7b,	the	gene	alter	in	wilson	diseas	(wd)	patients,	lie	in	a	block	of	homolog	share	between	human	chromosom	13q14	and	the	central	region	of	mous	chromosom	14.	however,	we	have	map	the	murin	homologu	of	atp7b	(atp7b)	to	mous	chromosom	8	by	somat	cell	hybrid	analysis.	analysi	of	80	interspecif	backcross	offspr	wa	use	to	posit	atp7b	close	to	d8mit3	and	anoth	atpas	locus,	atp4b,	on	mous	chromosom	8.	atp4b	lie	in	13q34	and	is	separ	from	atp7b	by	sever	loci	whose	mous	homologu	map	to	mous	chromosom	14.	the	assign	of	atp7b	to	mous	chromosom	8	identifi	a	previous	unrecogn	region	of	homolog	between	thi	chromosom	and	human	chromosom	13.	thi	assign	suggest	a	possibl	locat	for	the	toxic	milk	mutat	in	the	mouse,	which	ha	been	propos	as	a	homologu	of	wd.
8116611	characterist	of	intergener	contract	of	the	ctg	repeat	in	myoton	dystrophy.	In	myoton	dystrophi	(dm),	the	size	of	a	ctg	repeat	in	the	DM	kinas	gene	gener	increas	in	success	gener	with	clinic	evid	of	anticipation.	however,	there	have	also	been	case	with	an	intergener	contract	of	the	repeat.	We	examin	1,	489	DM	parent-offspr	pairs,	of	which	95	(6.	4%)	show	such	contract	in	peripher	blood	leukocyt	(pbl).	In	56	of	the	95	pairs,	clinic	data	allow	an	analysi	of	their	anticip	status.	It	is	surpris	that	anticip	occur	in	27	(48%)	of	these	56	pairs,	while	none	clearli	show	a	later	onset	of	DM	in	the	symptomat	offspring.	the	contract	occur	in	76	(10%)	of	753	patern	transmiss	and	in	19	(3%)	of	736	matern	transmissions.	anticip	wa	observ	more	frequent	in	matern	(85%)	than	in	patern	(37%)	transmiss	(P	<.	001).	the	parent	repeat	size	correl	with	the	size	of	intergener	contract	(r2	=.	50,	P	<	<.	001),	and	the	slope	of	linear	regress	wa	steeper	in	patern	(-.	62)	than	in	matern	(-.	30)	transmiss	(P	<	<.	001).	sixteen	DM	parent	had	multipl	DM	offspr	with	the	ctg	repeat	contractions.	thi	frequenc	wa	higher	than	the	frequenc	expect	from	the	probabl	of	the	repeat	contract	(6.	4%)	and	the	size	of	DM	sib	popul	(1.	54	DM	offspr	per	DM	parent,	in	968	DM	parents).	We	conclud	that	(1)	intergener	contract	of	the	ctg	repeat	in	leukocyt	dna	frequent	accompani	appar	anticipation,	especi	when	DM	is	matern	transmitted,	and	(2)	the	patern	origin	of	the	repeat	and	the	presenc	of	the	repeat	contract	in	a	sibl	increas	the	probabl	of	the	ctg	repeat	contractio
10571950	splice-sit	mutat	in	the	pd	gene	may	result	in	intrafamili	variabl	for	deaf	in	pendr	syndrome.	pendr	syndrom	is	a	recess	inherit	disord	that	consist	of	development	abnorm	of	the	cochlea,	sensorineur	hear	loss,	and	diffus	thyroid	enlarg	(goiter).	thi	disord	may	account	for	up	to	10%	of	case	of	hereditari	deafness.	the	diseas	gene	(pds)	ha	been	map	to	chromosom	7q22-q31,	and	encod	a	chloride-iodid	transport	protein.	We	perform	mutat	analysi	of	individu	exon	of	the	pd	gene	in	one	spanish	famili	that	show	intrafamili	variabl	of	the	deaf	phenotyp	(two	patient	with	profound	and	one	with	moderate-sever	deafness).	We	identifi	a	new	splice-sit	mutat	affect	intron	4	of	the	pd	gene,	at	nucleotid	posit	639	+	7.	rna	analysi	from	lymphocyt	of	the	affect	patient	show	that	mutat	639	+	7a--	>	G	gener	a	new	donor	splice	site,	lead	to	an	mrna	with	an	insert	of	six	nucleotid	from	intron	4	of	pds.	sinc	the	newli	creat	donor	splice	site	is	like	to	compet	with	the	normal	one,	variat	of	the	level	of	normal	and	aberr	transcript	of	the	pd	gene	in	the	cochlea	may	explain	the	variabl	in	the	deaf	presentation.
10802668	heterozyg	loss	of	six5	in	mice	is	suffici	to	caus	ocular	cataracts.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	an	autosom	domin	disord	character	by	skelet	muscl	wasting,	myotonia,	cardiac	arrhythmia,	hyperinsulinaemia,	mental	retard	and	ocular	cataracts.	the	genet	defect	in	DM	is	a	ctg	repeat	expans	locat	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	dmpk	and	5	of	a	homeodomain-encod	gene,	six5	(formerli	dmahp;	ref	2-5).	there	are	three	mechan	by	which	ctg	expans	can	result	in	dm.	first,	repeat	expans	may	alter	the	process	or	transport	of	the	mutant	dmpk	mrna	and	consequ	reduc	dmpk	levels.	second,	ctg	expans	may	establish	a	region	of	heterochromatin	3	of	the	repeat	sequenc	and	decreas	six5	transcription.	third,	toxic	effect	of	the	repeat	expans	may	be	intrins	to	the	repeat	element	at	the	level	of	dna	or	rna	(ref	10,	11).	previou	studi	have	demonstr	that	a	dose-depend	loss	of	dm15	(the	mous	dmpk	homologue)	in	mice	produc	a	partial	DM	phenotyp	character	by	decreas	develop	of	skelet	muscl	forc	and	cardiac	conduct	disorders.	To	test	the	role	of	six5	loss	in	dm,	we	have	analys	a	strain	of	mice	in	which	six5	wa	deleted.	our	result	demonstr	that	the	rate	and	sever	of	cataract	format	is	invers	relat	to	six5	dosag	and	is	tempor	progressive.	six5	+/-	and	six5-/-	mice	show	increas	steady-st	level	of	the	Na	+/k	+	-atpas	alpha-1	subunit	and	decreas	dm15	mrna	levels.	thus,	alter	ion	homeostasi	within	the	len	may	contribut	to	cataract	formation.	As	ocular	cataract	are	a	characterist	featur	of	dm,	these	result	demonstr	that	decreas	six5	transcript	is	import	in	the	aetiolog	of	dm.	our	data	support	the	hypothesi	that	DM	is	a	contigu	gene	syndrom	associ	with	the	partial	loss	of	both	dmpk	and	six5.
10484765	ci	and	tran	effect	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	mutat	in	a	cell	cultur	model.	the	mutat	caus	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	ha	been	identifi	as	a	ctg	expans	in	the	3-untransl	region	(3-utr)	of	the	DM	protein	kinas	gene	(dmpk),	but	the	mechan	(s)	of	pathogenesi	remain	unknown.	studi	use	DM	patient	materi	have	often	produc	confus	results.	therefore,	to	studi	the	effect	of	the	DM	mutat	in	a	control	environment,	we	have	establish	a	cell	cultur	model	system	use	c2c12	mous	myoblasts.	By	express	chimer	report	construct	contain	a	report	gene	fuse	to	a	human	dmpk	3-utr,	we	identifi	both	ci	and	tran	effect	that	are	mediat	by	the	DM	mutation.	our	data	show	that	a	mutant	dmpk	3-utr,	with	as	few	as	57	ctgs,	had	a	neg	ci	effect	on	protein	express	and	result	in	the	aggreg	of	report	transcript	into	discret	nuclear	foci.	We	determin	by	delet	analysi	that	an	expand	(ctg)	(n)	tract	alon	wa	suffici	to	mediat	these	ci	effects.	furthermore,	in	contrast	to	the	normal	dmpk	3-utr	mrna,	a	mutant	dmpk	3-utr	mrna	with	(cug)	(200)	select	inhibit	myogen	differenti	of	c2c12	myoblasts.	genet	analysi	and	the	cre-	loxp	system	were	use	to	clearli	demonstr	that	the	myoblast	fusion	defect	could	be	rescu	by	elimin	the	express	of	the	mutant	dmpk	3-utr	transcript.	character	of	spontan	delet	event	map	the	inhibitori	effect	to	the	(ctg)	(n)	expans	and/or	the	3	end	of	the	dmpk	3-utr.	these	result	provid	evid	that	the	DM	mutat	act	in	ci	to	reduc	protein	product	(consist	with	dmpk	haploinsufficiency)	and	in	tran	as	a	riboregul	to	inhibit	myogenesis.
8071955	intellig	quotient	profil	in	myoton	dystrophy,	intergener	deficit,	and	correl	with	ctg	amplification.	An	abbrevi	wechsler	adult	intellig	scale	revis	(wais-r)	wa	use	to	assess	verbal	and	arithmet	cognit	perform	in	55	subject	with	myoton	dystrophi	(dm),	cover	all	grade	of	diseas	severity,	and	31	control	at	50%	risk	of	inherit	dm.	scale	score	from	the	assess	were	convert	into	an	intellig	quotient	(iq)	estim	on	each	person.	signific	IQ	differ	were	found	between	(1)	all	55	DM	subject	(mean	90.	2,	SD	16.	1)	and	31	control	(102.	6,	SD	9.	4),	with	no	sex	differ	in	either	group;	(2)	15	affect	parent	(99.	3,	SD	12.	2)	and	their	affect	children	(88.	1,	SD	17.	2),	where	signific	wa	depend	on	parent	sex	be	female;	and	(3)	15	pair	of	affect	sib	(89.	6,	SD	13.	2)	and	their	normal	sib	(100.	2,	SD	7.	6).	IQ	steadili	declin	as	(1)	the	age	of	onset	of	sign	and	symptom	decreased,	and	(2)	the	ctg	expans	size	increased.	the	correl	appear	to	be	more	linear	with	age	of	onset.	the	correl	of	IQ	differ	and	ctg	expans	differ	in	both	the	DM	parent-child	pair	and	normal	sib-affect	sib	pair	wa	poor,	indic	that	ctg	expans	is	not	a	reliabl	predictor	of	IQ	either	in	individu	person	or	families.	further	analysi	of	cognit	function	in	DM	is	requir	to	clarifi	specif	deficit	characterist	of	thi	patient	grou
1361318	complement	factor	2	deficiency:	a	clinic	and	serolog	famili	study.	inherit	complement	defici	are	associ	with	a	varieti	of	connect	tissu	diseases.	A	famili	with	inherit	defici	of	complement	factor	2	(c2)	is	describ	in	which	two	famili	member	with	homozyg	C2	defici	develop	cutan	vascul	and	sicca	syndrome.	the	other	famili	member	had	heterozyg	C2	defici	and	each	member	had	the	hla-a25,	b18,	dr2	(w15)	haplotype.	the	mother	had	seroposit	rheumatoid	arthritis.	further	studi	show	the	presenc	of	cryoglobulins,	antibodi	against	endotheli	cells,	and	anticardiolipin	antibodies.
1352883	oncogen	point	mutat	in	exon	20	of	the	rb1	gene	in	famili	show	incomplet	penetr	and	mild	express	of	the	retinoblastoma	phenotype.	the	retinoblastoma-predisposit	gene,	rb1,	segreg	as	an	autosom	domin	trait	with	high	(90%)	penetrance.	certain	families,	however,	show	an	unusu	low-penetr	phenotyp	with	mani	individu	be	unaffected,	unilater	affected,	or	with	evid	of	spontan	regress	tumors.	We	have	use	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	and	pcr	sequenc	to	studi	two	such	families.	mutat	were	found	in	exon	20	of	rb1	in	both	cases.	In	one	famili	a	c----t	transit	in	codon	661	convert	an	arginin	(cgg)	to	a	tryptophan	(tgg)	codon.	In	thi	family,	incomplet	penetr	and	mild	phenotyp	express	were	observ	in	virtual	all	patients,	possibl	indic	that	singl	amino	acid	chang	may	modifi	protein	structure/funct	such	that	tumorigenesi	is	not	inevitable.	In	the	second	famili	the	mutat	in	codon	675	is	a	g----t	transvers	that	convert	a	glutamin	(gaa)	to	a	stop	(taa)	codon.	however,	thi	mutat	also	occur	near	a	potenti	cryptic	splice	acceptor	site,	rais	the	possibl	of	altern	splice	result	in	a	less	sever	disrupt	protein.
10502833	identif	of	a	novel	r21x	mutat	in	the	liver-typ	arginas	gene	(arg1)	in	four	portugues	patient	with	argininemia.	argininemia	is	a	rare	autossom	recess	disord	caus	by	defici	in	the	cytosol	liver-typ	arginas	enzym	(l-arginin	urea-hydrolase;	E.	C.	3.	5.	3.	1).	In	order	to	investig	the	molecular	basi	for	argininemia	in	four	unrel	portugues	patient	(two	from	northern	portug	and	two	from	madeira	island)	we	perform	a	dna	sequenc	analysi	of	all	the	exon	and	exon/intron	boundari	of	the	liver-typ	arginas	gene	(arg1).	all	patient	were	found	to	be	homozyg	for	a	newli	identifi	C	-	>	T	transit	in	codon	21	(exon	2)	substitut	arginin	for	a	prematur	stop	codon	(r21x	cga	to	tga)	and	gener	a	nlaiii	restrict	site.	restrict	digest	follow	pcr	amplif	of	arg1	exon	2	confirm	the	presenc	of	the	mutat
10930571	A	mutat	in	the	pleckstrin	homolog	(ph)	domain	of	the	fgd1	gene	in	an	italian	famili	with	faciogenit	dysplasia	(aarskog-scott	syndrome).	aarskog-scott	syndrom	(aas)	is	an	x-link	disord	characteris	by	short	statur	and	multipl	facial,	limb	and	genit	abnormalities.	A	gene,	fgd1,	alter	in	a	patient	with	aa	phenotype,	ha	been	identifi	and	found	to	encod	a	protein	with	homolog	to	rho/rac	guanin	nucleotid	exchang	factor	(rho/rac	gef).	however,	sinc	thi	origin	report	on	identif	of	a	mutat	fgd1	gene	in	an	aa	patient,	no	addit	mutat	in	the	fgd1	gene	have	been	described.	We	analys	13	independ	patient	with	clinic	diagnosi	of	aas.	one	patient	present	a	mutat	that	result	in	a	nucleotid	chang	in	exon	10	of	the	fgd1	gene	(g2559	>	A)	substitut	a	gln	for	arg	in	posit	610.	the	mutat	wa	found	to	segreg	with	the	aa	phenotyp	in	affect	male	and	carrier	femal	in	the	famili	of	thi	patient.	interestingly,	arg-610	is	locat	within	one	of	the	two	pleckstrin	homolog	(ph)	domain	of	the	fgd1	gene	and	it	correspond	to	a	highli	conserv	residu	which	ha	been	involv	in	insp	bind	in	PH	domain	of	other	proteins.	the	same	residu	is	often	mutat	in	the	bruton	tyrosin	kinas	(btk)	gene	in	patient	with	an	x-link	agammaglobulinemia.	the	arg610gln	mutat	repres	the	first	case	of	a	mutat	in	the	PH	domain	of	the	fgd1	gene	and	addit	evid	that	mutat	in	PH	domain	can	be	associ	to	human	diseases.
2055114	local	of	histidas	to	human	chromosom	region	12q22----q24.1	and	mous	chromosom	region	10c2----d1.	the	human	gene	for	histidas	(histidin	ammonia-lyase;	hal),	the	enzym	defici	in	histidinemia,	wa	assign	to	human	chromosom	12	by	southern	blot	analysi	of	human	X	mous	somat	cell	hybrid	dna.	the	gene	wa	subloc	to	region	12q22----q24.	1	by	in	situ	hybridization,	use	a	human	histidas	cdna.	the	homolog	locu	in	the	mous	(hal)	wa	map	to	region	10c2----d1	by	in	situ	hybridization,	use	a	cell	line	from	a	mous	homozyg	for	a	1.	10	robertsonian	translocation.	these	assign	extend	the	conserv	synten	region	between	human	chromosom	12	and	mous	chromosom	10	that	includ	the	gene	for	phenylalanin	hydroxylase,	gamma	interferon,	peptidase,	and	citrat	synthase.	the	local	of	histidas	to	mous	chromosom	10	suggest	that	the	histidas	regulatori	locu	(hsd)	and	the	histidinemia	mutat	(his),	which	are	both	known	to	be	on	chromosom	10,	may	be	allel	of	the	histidas	structur	gene	locu
10364521	noninvas	test	for	fragil	X	syndrome,	use	hair	root	analysis.	identif	of	the	fmr1	gene	and	the	repeat-amplif	mechan	caus	fragil	X	syndrom	led	to	develop	of	reliabl	dna-bas	diagnost	methods,	includ	southern	blot	hybrid	and	pcr.	both	method	are	perform	on	dna	isol	from	peripher	blood	cell	and	measur	the	repeat	size	in	fmr1.	use	an	immunocytochem	techniqu	on	blood	smears,	we	recent	develop	a	novel	test	for	identif	of	patient	with	fragil	X	syndrome.	thi	method,	also	call	"	antibodi	test,	"	use	monoclon	antibodi	against	the	fmr1	gene	product	(fmrp)	and	is	base	on	absenc	of	fmrp	in	patient	cells.	here	we	describ	a	new	diagnost	test	to	identifi	male	patient	with	fragil	X	syndrome,	on	the	basi	of	lack	of	fmrp	in	their	hair	roots.	express	of	fmrp	in	hair	root	wa	studi	by	use	of	an	fmrp-specif	antibodi	test,	and	the	percentag	of	fmrp-express	hair	root	in	control	and	in	male	fragil	X	patient	wa	determined.	control	individu	show	clear	express	of	fmrp	in	nearli	everi	hair	root,	wherea	male	fragil	X	patient	lack	express	of	fmrp	in	almost	all	their	hair	roots.	mental	retard	femal	patient	with	a	full	mutat	show	fmrp	express	in	onli	some	of	their	hair	root	(<	55%),	and	no	overlap	with	normal	femal	control	wa	observed.	the	advantag	of	thi	test	are	(1)	pluck	of	hair	follicl	doe	no	appreci	harm	to	the	mental	retard	patient,	(2)	hair	can	be	sent	in	a	simpl	envelop	to	a	diagnost	center,	and	(3)	the	result	of	the	test	is	avail	within	5	h	of	plucking.	In	addition,	thi	test	enabl	us	to	identifi	two	fragil	X	patient	who	did	not	show	the	full	mutat	by	analysi	of	dna	isol	from	blood	cells.
1384324	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease:	detect	of	mutat	thr181----pro	and	leu223----pro	in	the	proteolipid	protein	gene,	and	prenat	diagnosis.	A	famili	with	an	appar	histori	of	x-link	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	present	for	genet	counseling,	request	carrier	detect	and	prenat	diagnosis.	rflp	analysi	use	the	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene	probe	wa	uninform	in	thi	family.	A	prenat	diagnosi	on	a	chorion	villu	sampl	(cvs)	wa	carri	out	use	single-strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	analysi	of	a	variant	in	exon	4	of	the	plp	gene.	the	fetu	wa	predict	to	be	unaffected.	sequenc	of	the	exon	from	the	cvs,	the	predicted-carri	mother,	and	the	obligate-carri	grandmoth	reveal	an	a-to-c	chang	at	nucleotid	541	in	the	two	women	but	not	in	the	fetus.	As	thi	chang	result	in	a	thr-to-pro	chang	at	amino	acid	181	in	a	region	of	the	gene	predict	to	be	part	of	a	transmembran	segment,	it	wa	conclud	that	thi	wa	the	mutat	caus	the	diseas	in	thi	family.	In	addition,	in	a	second	family,	an	exon	5	variant	band	pattern	on	sscp	analysi	wa	shown	by	sequenc	to	be	due	to	a	t-to-c	chang	at	nucleotid	668.	thi	result	in	a	leu-to-pro	chang	in	a	carrier	mother	and	in	her	two	affect	sons.	these	result	provid	further	exampl	of	mutat	in	plp	that	caus	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	and	illustr	the	valu	of	sscp	in	genet	analysis.
2404853	A	normal	male	with	an	inherit	delet	of	one	exon	within	the	dmd	gene.	We	describ	two	brother	with	ident	inherit	delet	of	one	singl	exon	within	the	middl	of	the	dmd	gene;	one	brother	ha	becker	muscular	dystrophi	diagnos	at	11	year	of	age,	wherea	the	older	brother	is	normal	at	18.	these	result	have	implic	for	genet	counsel	and	prenat	diagnosi	in	famili	with	becker	muscular	dystrophy.
10406661	small	delet	in	the	type	II	collagen	tripl	helix	produc	kniest	dysplasia.	kniest	dysplasia	is	a	moder	sever	type	II	collagenopathy,	character	by	short	trunk	and	limbs,	kyphoscoliosis,	midfac	hypoplasia,	sever	myopia,	and	hear	loss.	mutat	in	the	gene	that	encod	type	II	collagen	(col2a1),	the	predomin	protein	of	cartilage,	have	been	identifi	in	a	number	of	individu	with	kniest	dysplasia.	all	but	two	of	these	previous	describ	mutat	caus	in-fram	delet	in	type	II	collagen,	either	by	small	delet	in	the	gene	or	splice	site	alterations.	furthermore,	all	but	one	of	these	mutat	is	locat	between	exon	12	and	24	in	the	col2a1	gene.	We	use	heteroduplex	analysi	to	identifi	sequenc	anomali	in	five	individu	with	kniest	dysplasia.	sequenc	of	the	index	patient	genom	dna	identifi	four	new	domin	mutat	in	col2a1	that	result	in	kniest	dysplasia	a	21-bp	delet	in	exon	16,	an	18-bp	delet	in	exon	19,	and	4-bp	delet	in	the	splice	donor	site	of	intron	14	and	20.	A	previous	describ	28-bp	delet	at	the	col2a1	exon	12-intron	12	junction,	delet	the	splice	donor	site,	wa	identifi	in	the	fifth	case.	the	latter	three	mutat	are	predict	to	result	in	exon	skip	in	the	mrna	encod	from	the	mutant	allele.	these	data	suggest	that	kniest	dysplasia	result	from	shorter	type	II	collagen	monomers,	and	support	the	hypothesi	that	alter	of	a	specif	col2a1	domain,	which	may	span	from	exon	12	to	24,	lead	to	the	kniest	dysplasia	phenotype.
8071957	adenomat	polyposi	coli	and	a	cytogenet	delet	of	chromosom	5	result	from	a	matern	intrachromosom	insertion.	We	present	the	clinic	and	laboratori	find	in	an	institutionalis	adult	patient	origin	refer	for	autism.	A	high	risk	of	colorect	cancer	wa	predict	when	an	interstiti	delet	of	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	5,	del	(5)	(q15q22.	3),	wa	detect	in	her	lymphocyt	and	delet	of	the	mcc	and	apc	gene	confirm	by	molecular	analysis.	adenomat	polyposi	coli	and	carcinoma	of	the	rectum	were	subsequ	diagnos	in	the	patient.	she	wa	profoundli	mental	retarded,	autistic,	and	had	minor	dysmorph	featur	consist	with	those	of	previou	patient	with	similar	deletions.	the	delet	aros	as	a	result	of	recombin	within	the	small	insert	loop	form	at	meiosi	by	the	direct	insert	(dir	in	(5)	(q22.	3q14.	2q15))	found	in	the	patient	mother.	thi	famili	further	confirm	the	cytogenet	map	of	both	mcc	and	apc	gene	to	5q22	and	comparison	with	other	recent	case	suggest	that	both	gene	and	their	close	link	marker	lie	within	the	5q22.	1	subban
1338904	somat	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	in	colorect	tumors:	mutat	cluster	region	in	the	apc	gene.	We	examin	somat	mutat	of	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	in	63	colorect	tumor	(16	adenoma	and	47	carcinomas)	develop	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	and	non-fap	patients.	In	addit	to	loss	of	heterozygos	(loh)	at	the	apc	locu	in	30	tumors,	43	other	somat	mutat	were	detected.	twenty-on	of	them	were	point	mutations;	16	nonsens	and	two	missens	mutations,	and	three	occur	in	intron	at	the	splice	site.	twenty-two	tumor	had	frameshift	mutat	due	to	delet	or	insertion;	nineteen	of	them	were	delet	of	one	to	31	bp	and	three	were	a	1-bp	insertion.	one	tumor	had	a	1-bp	delet	in	an	intron	near	the	splice	site.	hence,	41	(95%)	of	43	mutat	result	in	truncat	of	the	apc	protein.	over	60%	of	the	somat	mutat	in	the	apc	gene	were	cluster	within	a	small	region	of	exon	15,	design	as	mcr	(mutat	cluster	region),	which	account	for	less	than	10%	of	the	code	region.	combin	these	data	and	the	result	of	loh,	more	than	80%	of	tumor	(14	adenoma	and	39	carcinomas)	had	at	least	one	mutat	in	the	apc	gene,	of	which	more	than	60%	(9	adenoma	and	23	carcinomas)	had	two	mutations.	these	result	strongli	suggest	that	somat	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	are	associ	with	develop	of	a	great	major	of	colorect	tumors.
3362213	identif	of	an	alter	splice	site	in	ashkenazi	tay-sach	disease.	tay-sach	diseas	is	an	autosom	recess	genet	disord	result	from	mutat	of	the	hexa	gene	encod	the	alpha-subunit	of	the	lysosom	enzyme,	beta-n-acetylhexosaminidas	A	(ref.	1).	A	rel	high	frequenc	of	carrier	(1/27)	of	a	lethal,	infantil	form	of	the	diseas	is	found	in	the	ashkenazi	jewish	population,	but	it	is	not	yet	evid	whether	thi	ha	result	from	a	founder	effect	and	random	genet	drift	or	from	a	select	advantag	of	heterozygotes.	We	have	identifi	a	single-bas	mutat	in	a	clone	fragment	of	the	hexa	gene	from	an	ashkenazi	jewish	patient.	thi	change,	the	substitut	of	a	C	for	G	in	the	first	nucleotid	of	intron	12	is	expect	to	result	in	defect	splice	of	the	messeng	rna.	A	test	for	the	mutant	allel	base	on	amplif	of	dna	by	the	polymeras	chain	rection	and	cleavag	of	a	ddei	restrict	site	gener	by	the	mutat	reveal	that	thi	case	and	two	other	case	of	the	ashkenazi,	infantil	form	of	tay-sach	diseas	are	heterozyg	for	two	differ	mutations.	the	occurr	of	multipl	mutant	allel	warrant	further	examin	of	the	select	advantag	hypothesis.
10484772	coats'	diseas	of	the	retina	(unilater	retin	telangiectasis)	caus	by	somat	mutat	in	the	ndp	gene:	a	role	for	norrin	in	retin	angiogenesis.	coat	diseas	is	character	by	abnorm	retin	vascular	develop	(so-cal	retin	telangiectasis)	which	result	in	massiv	intraretin	and	subretin	lipid	accumul	(exud	retin	detachment).	the	classic	form	of	coat	diseas	is	almost	invari	isolated,	unilater	and	seen	in	males.	A	femal	with	a	unilater	variant	of	coat	diseas	gave	birth	to	a	son	affect	by	norri	disease.	both	carri	a	missens	mutat	within	the	ndp	gene	on	chromosom	xp11.	2	2.	subsequ	analysi	of	the	retina	of	nine	enucl	eye	from	male	with	coat	diseas	demonstr	in	one	a	somat	mutat	in	the	ndp	gene	which	wa	not	present	within	non-retin	tissue.	We	suggest	that	coat	telangiectasi	is	secondari	to	somat	mutat	in	the	ndp	gene	which	result	in	a	defici	of	norrin	(the	protein	product	of	the	ndp	gene)	within	the	develop	retina.	thi	support	recent	observ	that	the	protein	is	critic	for	normal	retin	vasculogenesi
1357962	trisomi	15	with	loss	of	the	patern	15	as	a	caus	of	prader-willi	syndrom	due	to	matern	disomy.	uniparent	disomi	ha	recent	been	recogn	to	caus	human	disorders,	includ	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	We	describ	a	particularli	instruct	case	which	rais	import	issu	concern	the	mechan	produc	uniparent	disomi	and	whose	evalu	provid	evid	that	trisomi	may	preced	uniparent	disomi	in	a	fetus.	chorion	villu	sampl	perform	for	advanc	matern	age	reveal	trisomi	15	in	all	direct	and	cultur	cells,	though	the	fetu	appear	normal.	chromosom	analysi	of	amniocyt	obtain	at	15	wk	wa	normal	in	over	100	cell	studied.	the	child	wa	hypoton	at	birth,	and	high-resolut	band	fail	to	reveal	the	delet	of	15q11-13,	a	delet	which	is	found	in	50%	-70%	of	patient	with	pws.	over	time,	typic	featur	of	pw	developed.	molecular	genet	analysi	use	probe	for	chromosom	15	reveal	matern	disomy.	matern	nondisjunct	with	fertil	of	a	disom	egg	by	a	normal	sperm,	follow	by	loss	of	the	patern	15,	is	a	like	caus	of	confin	placent	mosaic	and	uniparent	disomi	in	thi	case	of	pws,	and	advanc	matern	age	may	be	a	predispos	factor.
492335	genet	defect	in	secret	of	complement	C5	in	mice.	A	genet	defici	of	the	fifth	(c5)	compon	of	complement1-3,	a	serum	glycoprotein	of	molecular	weight	(mw)	220,	000	(ref.	4),	ha	been	found	in	39%	of	inbr	strain	of	mice3.	sera	of	defici	mice	lack	detect	C5	activ	and	protein2,	3.	In	addit	defici	mice	produc	antibodi	to	mous	C5	when	inject	with	sera	from	C5	suffici	(normal)	strains.	levi	et	al.	5	show	that	somat	cell	hybrid	between	C5	defici	(b10.	d2/old	line)	macrophag	and	either	C5	suffici	(b10.	d2/new	line)	mous	kidney	or	chicken	erythroblast	secret	haemolyt	activ	mous	C5	in	vitro.	sever	possibl	molecular	mechan	to	account	for	the	find	were	considered,	but	insuffici	direct	data	were	avail	to	choos	among	them.	We	recent	report	that	mous	(cd.	1	strain)	periton	cell	in	cultur	synthesis	and	secret	a	singl	chain	precursor,	pro-c5	(mw	approxim	210,	000),	of	the	two-chain	(alpha	chain,	125,	000	and	beta	chain	83,	000	mw)	C5	protein6.	radiolabel	precursor	C5	wa	contain	within	the	cell	and	wa	secret	into	the	tissu	cultur	media.	use	similar	methods,	we	now	find	that	C5	defici	in	each	of	five	differ	mous	strain	(akr,	swr,	dba/2j8	a/hej	and	b10.	d2/old	line)	is	due	to	a	failur	in	secret	of	C5	protein	and	not	to	a	failur	in	biosynthesi	of	pro-c
8528199	wasp	gene	mutat	in	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	and	x-link	thrombocytopenia.	the	wasp	gene	ha	been	recent	clone	from	xp11.	23	and	shown	to	be	mutat	in	three	patient	with	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was).	We	have	develop	a	screen	protocol	for	identifi	wasp	gene	alter	in	genom	dna	and	have	identifi	a	spectrum	of	novel	mutat	in	12	addit	unrel	families.	these	missense,	nonsens	and	frameshift	mutat	involv	eight	of	the	12	exon	of	the	gene.	two	mutat	creat	prematur	termin	codon	were	associ	with	lack	of	detect	mrna	on	northern	blots.	four	amino	acid	substitutions,	leu27phe,	thr48ile,	val75met	and	arg477lys,	were	found	in	patient	with	congenit	thrombocytopenia	and	no	clinic	evid	immun	defect	indic	that	the	wasp	gene	is	the	site	for	mutat	in	x-link	thrombocytopenia	as	well	as	in	was.	A	t-cell	line	from	a	wa	patient	contain	two	independ	dna	alterations,	a	constitut	frameshift	mutation,	also	present	in	peripher	blood	leukocyt	from	the	patient,	and	compensatori	splice	site	mutat	uniqu	to	the	cell	line.	the	distribut	of	eight	missens	mutat	provid	valuabl	inform	on	amino	acid	which	are	essenti	for	normal	protein	function,	and	suggest	that	site	in	the	first	two	exon	are	hot-spot	for	mutat
1307253	detect	of	a	nonsens	mutat	in	the	dystrophin	gene	by	multipl	sscp.	A	combin	of	multiplex	pcr	with	the	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	techniqu	wa	employ	to	screen	for	point	mutat	in	the	human	dystrophin	gene.	co-amplif	of	11	exon	from	genom	dna	of	duchenn	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd/bmd)	patient	with	no	delet	or	duplic	wa	perform	and	the	sampl	subject	to	multipl	sscp	analysis.	We	report	the	case	of	a	nonsens	mutat	in	a	duchenn	patient	identifi	by	thi	approach.	the	mutat	introduc	a	termin	codon	within	exon	8	of	the	dystrophin	gene.	It	is	predict	to	caus	a	veri	prematur	translat	termin	account	for	the	sever	phenotyp	observed.	the	patient	inherit	thi	mutat	from	hi	mother.	In	addit	the	analysi	reveal	5	polymorph	use	for	intern	control.
8346255	molecular	mechan	of	oncogen	mutat	in	tumor	from	patient	with	bilater	and	unilater	retinoblastoma.	the	rb1	gene	from	12	human	retinoblastoma	tumor	ha	been	analyz	exon-by-exon	with	the	single-strand	conform	polymorph	technique.	mutat	were	found	in	all	tumors,	and	one-third	of	the	tumor	had	independ	mutat	in	both	allel	neither	of	which	were	found	in	the	germ	line,	confirm	their	true	sporad	nature.	In	the	remain	two-third	of	the	tumor	onli	one	mutat	wa	found,	consist	with	the	loss-of-heterozygos	theori	of	tumorigenesis.	point	mutations,	the	major	of	which	were	c--	>	T	transitions,	were	the	most	common	abnorm	and	usual	result	in	the	convers	of	an	arginin	codon	to	a	stop	codon.	small	delet	were	the	second	most	common	abnorm	and	most	often	creat	a	downstream	stop	codon	as	the	result	of	a	read	frameshift.	delet	and	point	mutat	also	affect	splice	junctions.	direct	repeat	were	present	at	the	breakpoint	junction	in	the	major	of	deletions,	support	a	slipped-mispair	mechanism.	point	mutat	gener	produc	dna	sequenc	which	result	in	perfect	homolog	with	endogen	sequenc	which	lay	within	14	bp.
7951315	pax6	gene	dosag	effect	in	a	famili	with	congenit	cataracts,	aniridia,	anophthalmia	and	central	nervou	system	defects.	the	human	eye	malform	aniridia	result	from	haploinsuffici	of	pax6,	a	pair	box	dna-bind	protein.	To	studi	thi	dosag	effect,	we	character	two	pax6	mutat	in	a	famili	segreg	aniridia	and	a	milder	syndrom	consist	of	congenit	cataract	and	late	onset	corneal	dystrophy.	the	nonsens	mutations,	at	codon	103	and	353,	truncat	pax6	within	the	n-termin	pair	and	c-termin	pst	domains,	respectively.	the	wild-typ	pst	domain	activ	transcript	autonom	and	the	mutant	form	ha	partial	activity.	A	compound	heterozygot	had	sever	craniofaci	and	central	nervou	system	defect	and	no	eyes.	the	pattern	of	malform	is	similar	to	that	in	homozyg	sey	mice	and	suggest	a	critic	role	for	pax6	in	control	the	migrat	and	differenti	of	specif	neuron	progenitor	cell	in	the	brain.
409732	hereditari	C7	deficiency.	diagnosi	and	hla	studi	in	a	french-canadian	family.	the	serum	of	a	44-yr-old	woman	of	french-canadian	descent	have	a	b-27	posit	ankylos	spondyl	wa	defici	in	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	(c7)	as	determin	by	hemolyt	and	immunochem	methods.	No	inhibitor	against	C7	wa	detected,	and	the	level	of	all	other	complement	compon	were	normal.	No	defici	in	the	opson	activ	of	the	serum	wa	found,	and	the	result	of	basic	coagul	studi	of	the	plasma	were	normal.	On	investig	of	the	patient	family,	two	sister	were	found	to	have	the	same	defici	but	were	otherwis	in	good	health.	the	seven	other	sibl	were	heterozyg	for	C7	deficiency,	while	the	patern	aunt	had	a	normal	C7	level.	In	the	third	generation,	six	children	of	the	three	homozyg	sister	and	five	children	of	heterozygot	were	avail	for	testing.	studi	of	the	hla	antigen	in	all	the	22	subject	and	in	three	spous	indic	no	close	linkag	between	the	CM	deficienti	and	the	hla	system.	In	addition,	the	simultan	occurr	of	two	hereditari	complement	defici	(c2	and	c7)	wa	discov	in	one	famili	of	thi	remark	kindred.
10598815	alstrom	syndrome:	further	evid	for	linkag	to	human	chromosom	2p13.	alstrom	syndrom	is	a	rare	autosom	recess	disord	character	by	retin	degeneration,	sensorineur	hear	loss,	early-onset	obesity,	and	non-insulin-depend	diabet	mellitus.	the	gene	for	alstrom	syndrom	(alms1)	ha	been	previous	local	to	human	chromosom	2p13	by	homozygos	map	in	two	distinct	isol	popul	-	french	acadian	and	north	african.	pair-wis	analys	result	in	maximum	lod	(logarithm	of	the	odd	ratio)	score	of	3.	84	and	2.	9,	respectively.	To	confirm	these	findings,	a	larg	linkag	studi	wa	perform	in	twelv	addit	famili	segreg	for	alstrom	syndrome.	A	maximum	two-point	lod	score	of	7.	13	(theta	=	0.	00)	for	marker	d2s2110	and	a	maximum	cumul	multipoint	lod	score	of	9.	16	for	marker	d2s2110	were	observed,	further	support	linkag	to	chromosom	2p13.	No	evid	of	genet	heterogen	wa	observ	in	these	families.	meiotic	recombin	event	have	local	the	critic	region	contain	alms1	to	a	6.	1-cm	interv	flank	by	marker	d2s327	and	d2s286.	A	fine	resolut	radiat	hybrid	map	of	31	gene	and	marker	ha	been	construct
2575071	haplotyp	and	multipoint	linkag	analysi	in	finnish	choroideremia	families.	multipoint	linkag	analysi	of	choroideremia	(tcd)	and	seven	X	chromosom	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	(rflps)	wa	carri	out	in	18	finnish	tcd	families.	the	data	place	tcd	distal	to	pgk	and	dxs72,	veri	close	to	dxys1	and	dxys5	(zmax	=	24	at	theta	=	0)	and	proxim	to	dxys4	and	dxys12.	thi	agre	with	the	data	obtain	from	other	linkag	studi	and	from	physic	mapping.	all	the	tcd	male	and	carrier	femal	studi	have	the	same	dxys1	allel	in	coupl	with	tcd.	In	northeastern	finland,	66/69	chromosom	carri	tcd	had	the	same	haplotyp	at	loci	dxs72,	dxys1,	dxys4,	and	dxys12.	the	same	haplotyp	is	seen	in	onli	15/99	chromosom	not	carri	tcd.	moreover,	in	71/104	non-tcd	chromosomes,	the	haplotyp	at	six	marker	loci	is	differ	from	those	seen	in	ani	of	the	76	tcd	chromosomes.	thi	support	the	previous	describ	hypothesi	that	the	larg	northern	finnish	choroideremia	pedigrees,	compris	a	total	of	over	80	live	patient	repres	more	than	a	fifth	of	all	tcd	patient	describ	worldwide,	carri	the	same	mutation.	these	linkag	and	haplotyp	data	provid	improv	opportun	for	prenat	diagnosi	base	on	rflp	studies.
2253938	genet	heterogen	at	the	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	locu	in	southern	italy:	a	studi	on	a	popul	from	the	matera	district.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	ha	been	analyz	by	gel	electrophoresi	and	by	quantit	assay	in	an	unselect	sampl	of	1524	schoolboy	from	the	provinc	of	matera	(lucania)	in	southern	italy.	We	have	identifi	43	subject	with	a	g6pd	variant.	Of	these,	31	had	sever	g6pd	deficiency,	nine	had	mild	to	moder	deficiency,	and	three	had	a	non-defici	electrophoret	variant.	the	overal	rate	of	g6pd	defici	wa	2.	6%.	the	frequenc	of	g6pd	deficiency,	rang	from	7.	2%	on	the	ionian	coast	to	zero	on	the	eastern	side	of	the	lucanian	apennines,	appear	to	be	invers	relat	to	the	distanc	of	each	town	examin	from	the	ionian	coast,	suggest	that	thi	geograph	distribut	may	reflect,	at	least	in	part,	gene	flow	from	greek	settlers.	biochem	character	ha	shown	that	most	of	the	g6pd	defici	in	thi	popul	is	account	for	by	g6pd	mediterranean.	In	addition,	we	have	found	sever	exampl	of	two	other	known	polymorph	variant	(g6pd	cagliari	and	g6pd	a-);	three	new	polymorph	variants,	g6pd	metaponto	(class	iii),	g6pd	montalbano	(class	iii),	and	g6pd	pisticci	(class	iv);	and	two	sporad	variants,	g6pd	tursi	(class	iii)	and	g6pd	ferrandina	(class	ii).	these	data	provid	further	evid	for	the	mark	genet	heterogen	of	g6pd	defici	within	a	rel	narrow	geograph	area	and	they	prove	the	presenc	in	the	italian	peninsula	of	a	gene	(gda-)	regard	as	characterist	african
10411929	defect	ctla-4	cycl	pathway	in	chediak-higashi	syndrome:	a	possibl	mechan	for	deregul	of	T	lymphocyt	activation.	cytotox	T	lymphocyte-associ	antigen	4	(ctla-4,	also	known	as	cd152)	ha	been	shown	to	play	a	major	role	in	the	regul	of	T	cell	activation.	it	membran	express	is	highli	regul	by	endocytosi	and	traffick	through	the	secretori	lysosom	pathway.	chediak-higashi	syndrom	(chs)	is	an	inherit	disord	caus	by	mutat	in	the	lysosom	traffick	regul	gene,	lyst.	It	result	in	defect	membran	target	of	the	protein	present	in	secretori	lysosomes,	and	it	is	associ	with	a	varieti	of	features,	includ	a	lymphoprolif	syndrom	with	hemophagocytosis.	the	murin	equival	of	chs,	beig	mice,	present	similar	characterist	but	do	not	develop	the	lymphoprolif	syndrome.	We	show	herein	that	ctla-4	is	present	in	enlarged,	abnorm	vesicl	in	ch	T	cell	and	is	not	properli	express	at	the	cell	surfac	after	T	cell	activation,	wherea	it	surfac	express	is	not	impaired.	It	is	therefor	propos	that	the	defect	surfac	express	of	ctla-4	by	ch	T	cell	is	involv	in	the	gener	of	lymphoprolif	disease.	thi	observ	may	provid	insight	into	the	role	of	ctla-4	in	humans.
10398436	beta-catenin	accumul	and	mutat	of	the	ctnnb1	gene	in	hepatoblastoma.	hepatoblastoma	is	a	rare	malign	tumor	of	the	liver	that	occur	in	children	at	an	averag	age	of	2	to	3	years.	epidemiolog	studi	have	shown	an	increas	frequenc	of	thi	tumor	type	in	famili	affect	by	adenomat	polyposi	coli.	In	addit	to	the	epidemiolog	data,	molecular	genet	studi	suggest	that	inactiv	of	the	apc	tumor	suppressor	may	be	involv	in	hepatoblastoma	tumorigenesis.	A	major	function	of	apc	is	the	downregul	of	beta-catenin,	a	transcription-activ	protein	with	oncogen	potential.	In	an	ongo	immunohistochem	studi	of	beta-catenin	express	in	sporad	case	of	tumor	type	that	are	associ	with	adenomat	polyposi	coli,	we	observ	increas	beta-catenin	level	in	the	cytoplasm	and	in	the	nuclei	of	three	investig	hepatoblastomas.	sequenc	of	exon	3	of	the	beta-catenin	gene	(ctnnb1)	reveal	an	activ	mutat	in	one	of	the	tumor	samples.	our	data	indic	for	the	first	time	that	beta-catenin	accumul	may	play	a	role	in	the	develop	of	hepatoblastoma	and	that	activ	mutat	of	the	beta-catenin	gene	may	substitut	biallel	apc	inactiv	in	thi	tumor	type.	gene	chromosom	cancer	25	399-402,	1999.
1833974	sequenc	of	dna	flank	the	exon	of	the	hexa	gene,	and	identif	of	mutat	in	tay-sach	disease.	the	rapid	identif	of	mutat	caus	tay-sach	diseas	requir	the	capac	to	readili	screen	the	region	of	the	hexa	gene	most	like	to	be	affect	by	mutation.	We	have	sequenc	the	portion	of	the	intron	flank	each	of	the	14	hexa	exon	in	order	to	specifi	oligonucleotid	primer	for	the	pcr-depend	amplif	of	each	exon	and	splice-junct	sequence.	the	amplifi	product	were	analyzed,	by	electrophoresi	in	nondenatur	polyacrylamid	gels,	for	the	presenc	of	either	heteroduplexes,	deriv	from	the	anneal	of	normal	and	mutant	dna	strands,	or	single-strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp),	deriv	from	the	renatur	of	single-strand	dna.	five	novel	mutat	from	tay-sach	diseas	patient	were	detect	a	5-bp	delet	of	tctcc	in	ivs-9;	a	2-bp	delet	of	TG	in	exon	5;	g78	to	A,	give	a	stop	codon	in	exon	1;	g533	to	T	in	exon	5,	produc	the	third	amino	acid	substitut	detect	at	thi	site;	and	G	to	C	at	posit	1	of	ivs-2,	expect	to	produc	abnorm	splicing.	In	addition,	two	mutations,	(g1496	to	A	in	exon	13	and	a	4-bp	insert	in	exon	11)	that	have	previous	been	report	were	identified.
10742101	In	vivo	modul	of	hmgic	reduc	obesity.	the	hmgi	famili	of	protein	consist	of	three	members,	hmgic,	hmgi	and	hmgi	(y),	that	function	as	architectur	factor	and	are	essenti	compon	of	the	enhancesome.	hmgic	is	predominantli	express	in	proliferating,	undifferenti	mesenchym	cell	and	is	not	detect	in	adult	tissues.	It	is	disrupt	and	misexpress	in	a	number	of	mesenchym	tumour	cell	types,	includ	fat-cel	tumour	(lipomas).	In	addit	hmgic-/-	mice	have	a	defici	in	fat	tissue.	To	studi	it	role	in	adipogenesi	and	obesity,	we	examin	hmgic	express	in	the	adipos	tissu	of	adult,	obes	mice.	mice	with	a	partial	or	complet	defici	of	hmgic	resist	diet-induc	obesity.	disrupt	of	hmgic	caus	a	reduct	in	the	obes	induc	by	leptin	defici	(lepob/lepob)	in	a	gene-dose-depend	manner.	our	studi	implic	a	role	for	hmgic	in	fat-cel	proliferation,	indic	that	it	may	be	an	adipose-specif	target	for	the	treatment	of	obesity.
10210128	prenat	diagnosi	by	fish	in	a	famili	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	caus	by	duplic	of	plp	gene.	A	diagnosi	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(mim	312080)	wa	made	in	a	young	boy.	No	mutat	in	the	code	region	of	the	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene	had	been	found.	the	boy	matern	aunt	came	for	prenat	diagnosi	when	16	+	week	pregnant	and	carri	a	male	fetus.	sampl	were	test	for	duplic	of	the	plp	gene,	by	interphas	fish,	in	lymphocyt	prepar	from	the	proband,	hi	aunt	and	an	amniot	fluid	cell	prepar	from	the	fetus.	the	proband	wa	found	to	carri	the	duplication,	thu	confirm	the	diagnosi	of	pelizaeu	merzbach	disease,	but	neither	the	aunt	nor	the	fetu	carri	a	duplication.
1056013	somat	rearrang	of	chromosom	14	in	human	lymphocytes.	ataxia-telangiectasia	is	a	rare	genet	disord	associ	with	immun	deficiency,	chromosom	instability,	and	a	predisposit	to	lymphoid	malignancy.	We	have	detect	chromosom	anomal	clone	of	lymphocyt	in	eight	patient	with	thi	disorder.	chromosom	band	disclos	that	the	clone	are	consist	mark	by	structur	rearrang	of	the	long	arm	(q)	of	chromosom	14.	A	transloc	involv	14q	wa	found	in	clone	obtain	from	seven	of	the	eight	patient	wherea	a	ring	14	chromosom	wa	found	in	a	clone	obtain	from	the	other.	these	find	as	well	as	data	obtain	by	other	for	patient	with	ataxia-telangiectasia	suggest	that	structur	rearrang	of	14q	is	the	initi	chromosom	chang	in	lymphocyt	clone	of	patient	with	thi	disorder.	chromosom	of	lymphocyt	from	one	of	the	patient	were	studi	befor	and	after	the	onset	of	chronic	lymphocyt	leukemia.	befor	leukemia	wa	diagnosed,	the	patient	had	a	lymphocyt	clone	with	a	14q	translocation.	thi	clone	appear	to	have	given	rise	to	the	leukem	cells.	We	hypothes	that	structur	rearrang	of	14q	is	directli	relat	to	abnorm	growth	of	lymphocyt	and	that	it	may	be	a	step	toward	the	develop	of	lymphoid	malignancies.	increas	evidence,	provid	by	others,	for	the	nonrandom	involv	of	14q	in	african-typ	burkitt	lymphoma	and	other	lymphoid	neoplasm	further	strengthen	thi	hypothesis.
1301200	two	missens	mutat	caus	mild	hyperphenylalaninemia	associ	with	dna	haplotyp	12.	the	genet	defect	respons	for	most	phenylketonuria	(pku)	and	hyperphenylalaninemia	(hpa)	case	are	locat	in	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	gene.	approxim	50-60	mutat	have	been	report	in	caucasian	and	are	reflect	in	a	wide	rang	of	clinic	severities.	most	mutat	are	link	to	specif	haplotypes,	as	defin	by	eight	polymorph	restrict	site	in	the	pah	gene.	We	hypothes	that	there	is	at	least	one	mild	mutat	link	to	haplotyp	12	in	the	swedish	pku/hpa	population,	sinc	7	of	8	patient	carri	haplotyp	12	had	mild	hpa.	sequenc	analysi	reveal	a	c-to-g	transvers	at	the	second	base	of	codon	322,	result	in	a	substitut	of	glycin	for	alanine,	in	four	mutant	haplotyp	12	genes,	and	a	g-to-a	transit	at	the	second	base	of	codon	408,	result	in	a	substitut	of	glutamin	for	arginine,	in	anoth	three	mutant	haplotyp	12	genes.	these	mutat	segreg	with	mutant	haplotyp	12	allel	in	nuclear	famili	but	were	not	present	on	normal	or	other	mutant	alleles.	both	mutat	were	test	in	a	eukaryot	express	system	in	which	enzym	activ	of	differ	mutant	pah	enzym	reflect	the	rel	sever	of	the	mutations,	although	these	in	vitro	activ	cannot	be	translat	directli	into	in	vivo	hepat	activities.	the	a322g	mutant	pah	had	about	75%	and	the	r408q	mutant	pah	about	55%	of	the	wild-typ	pah	enzym	activity.	these	in	vitro	activ	are	the	highest	report	for	mutant	pah	enzym	produc	in	the	same	express	system.	(abstract	truncat	AT	250	words)
7959759	genom	organ	of	the	adrenoleukodystrophi	gene.	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald),	the	most	frequent	peroxisom	disorder,	is	a	sever	neurodegen	diseas	associ	with	an	impair	of	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	beta-oxidation.	We	have	recent	identifi	by	posit	clone	the	gene	respons	for	ald,	locat	in	xq28.	It	encod	a	new	member	of	the	"	abc	"	superfamili	of	membrane-associ	transport	that	shows,	in	particular,	signific	homolog	to	the	70-kda	peroxisom	membran	protein	(pmp70).	We	report	here	a	detail	character	of	the	ald	gene	structure.	It	extend	over	21	kb	and	consist	of	10	exons.	To	facilit	the	detect	of	mutat	in	ald	patients,	we	have	determin	the	intron	sequenc	flank	the	exon	as	well	as	the	sequenc	of	the	3	untransl	region	and	of	the	immedi	5	promot	region.	sequenc	present	in	distal	exon	cross-hybrid	strongli	to	addit	sequenc	in	the	human	genome.	the	ald	gene	ha	been	posit	on	a	pulsed-field	map	between	dxs15	and	the	l1cam	gene,	about	650	kb	upstream	from	the	color	pigment	genes.	the	frequent	occurr	of	color	vision	anomali	observ	in	patient	with	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(the	adult	onset	form	of	ald)	thu	doe	not	repres	a	contigu	gene	syndrom	but	a	secondari	manifest	of	ald.
10220405	brca1	interact	with	compon	of	the	histon	deacetylas	complex.	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	brca1	tumor-suppressor	gene	are	associ	with	an	increas	suscept	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancer.	brca1	contain	a	carboxyl-termin	domain	(brct)	that	is	share	with	sever	other	protein	involv	in	maintain	genom	integrity.	In	an	effort	to	understand	the	function	of	brca1,	we	sought	to	isol	protein	that	interact	with	the	brct	domain.	purifi	brct	polypeptid	wa	use	as	a	probe	to	screen	a	human	placenta	cdna	express	librari	by	far	western	analysis.	here	we	report	that	brca1	interact	in	vivo	and	in	vitro	with	the	rb-bind	proteins,	rbap46	and	rbap48,	as	well	as	with	rb.	moreover,	the	brct	domain	associ	with	the	histon	deacetylas	hdac1	and	hdac2.	these	result	demonstr	that	brca1	interact	with	compon	of	the	histon	deacetylas	complex,	and	therefor	may	explain	the	involv	of	brca1	in	multipl	process	such	as	transcription,	dna	repair,	and	recombination.
1279971	delet	of	the	kit	and	pdgfra	gene	in	a	patient	with	piebaldism.	We	have	previous	shown	that	human	piebald	result	from	mutat	of	the	kit	gene,	which	encod	the	receptor	for	the	mast/stem	cell	growth	factor	and	is	locat	in	chromosom	segment	4q12.	use	dna	of	a	patient	with	piebaldism,	mental	retardation,	and	multipl	congenit	anomali	associ	with	a	46,	xy,	del	(4)	(q12q21.	1)	karyotype,	we	carri	out	quantit	southern	blot	hybrid	analys	of	the	kit	gene	and	the	adjac	pdgfra	(platelet-deriv	growth	factor	receptor	alpha	subunit)	genes.	the	patient	wa	hemizyg	for	both	the	kit	and	pdgfra	genes,	indic	that	both	of	these	gene	are	includ	within	the	delet	region.	therefore,	delet	of	the	kit	and	pdgfra	gene	may	account	for	the	piebald	phenotyp	in	thi	patient
3198117	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	variant	and	their	frequenc	in	guangdong,	china.	erythrocyt	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	wa	character	in	blood	sampl	obtain	from	97	randomli	select	male	with	enzym	defici	from	variou	region	of	guangdong	province,	china.	nine	new	variant	(gd	kaiping,	Gd	boluo,	Gd	huiyang,	Gd	gaomin,	Gd	qing-baijiang,	Gd	gaozhou,	Gd	huazhou,	Gd	nanhai,	and	Gd	guangzhou)	were	identified.	Of	the	31	variant	found	in	thi	province,	Gd	kaiping,	Gd	taiwan-hakka,	Gd	haad	yai,	Gd	haad	yai-lik	and	Gd	huiyang	occur	most	frequently.	the	frequenc	of	each	variant	wa	calculated.	the	result	demonstr	that	the	genet	heterogen	of	g6pd	defici	wa	high	in	thi	area.
10369860	A	common	molecular	basi	for	rearrang	disord	on	chromosom	22q11.	the	chromosom	22q11	region	is	suscept	to	rearrang	that	are	associ	with	congenit	anomali	disord	and	malign	tumors.	three	congenit	anomali	disorders,	cat-ey	syndrome,	der	()	syndrom	and	velo-cardio-faci	syndrome/digeorg	syndrom	(vcfs/dgs)	are	associ	with	tetrasomy,	trisomi	or	monosomy,	respectively,	for	part	of	chromosom	22q11.	vcfs/dg	is	the	most	common	syndrom	associ	with	22q11	rearrangements.	In	order	to	determin	whether	there	are	particular	region	on	22q11	that	are	prone	to	rearrangements,	the	delet	end-point	in	a	larg	number	of	vcfs/dg	patient	were	defin	by	haplotyp	analysis.	most	vcfs/dg	patient	have	a	similar	3	Mb	deletion,	some	have	a	nest	distal	delet	breakpoint	result	in	a	1.	5	Mb	delet	and	a	few	rare	patient	have	uniqu	delet	or	translocations.	the	high	preval	of	the	disord	in	the	popul	and	the	fact	that	most	case	occur	sporad	suggest	that	sequenc	at	or	near	the	breakpoint	confer	suscept	to	chromosom	rearrangements.	To	investig	thi	hypothesis,	we	develop	hamster-human	somat	hybrid	cell	line	from	vcfs/dg	patient	with	all	three	class	of	delet	and	we	now	show	that	the	breakpoint	occur	within	similar	low	copi	repeats,	term	lcr22s.	To	support	thi	idea	further,	we	identifi	a	famili	that	carri	an	interstiti	duplic	of	the	same	3	Mb	region	that	is	delet	in	vcfs/dg	patients.	We	present	model	to	explain	how	the	lcr22	can	mediat	differ	homolog	recombin	events,	therebi	gener	a	number	of	rearrang	that	are	associ	with	congenit	anomali	disorders.	We	identifi	five	addit	copi	of	the	lcr22	on	22q11	that	may	mediat	other	rearrang	lead	to	diseas
1424237	typic	and	partial	cat	eye	syndrome:	identif	of	the	marker	chromosom	by	fish.	three	children	are	report	with	typic	cat	eye	syndrom	(ces)	and	three	more	children	with	partial	ce	becaus	of	absenc	of	coloboma,	in	which	the	supernumerari	marker	chromosom	wa	studi	by	fish.	use	a	genom	library,	and	also	a	centromer	and	particularli	a	cosmid	probe	of	22q11,	partial	tetrasomi	wa	shown	in	all	cases.
1313112	An	intrachromosom	insert	caus	5q22	delet	and	famili	adenomat	polyposi	coli	in	two	generations.	We	report	famili	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(fapc)	with	epidermoid	cysts,	osteomata,	and	area	of	congenit	hypertrophi	of	the	retin	pigment	epithelium	(chrpes)	in	a	male	patient	and	hi	matern	aunt,	both	of	whom	suffer	a	mild	to	moder	degre	of	mental	handicap.	both	had	an	interstiti	delet	of	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	5	(del	(5)	(q22q23.	2)).	two	other	normal	famili	member	had	the	underli	direct	insert	of	chromosom	5	(dir	in	(5)	(q31.	3q22q23	3q22q23.	2)).	molecular	genet	and	fluoresc	hybridis	studi	have	shown	that	loci	d5s37	and	d5s98	are	outsid	the	delet	wherea	loci	detect	by	probe	ef5.	44	and	yn5.	48	are	lost.	As	expected,	the	molecular	analys	indic	loss	of	one	allel	at	the	mcc	and	apc	loci.	the	apc	gene	is	locat	within	band	5q22.	famili	direct	insert	should	be	consid	as	a	caus	of	recurr	microdelet	syndrom
1303170	clone	of	the	huntington	diseas	region	in	yeast	artifici	chromosomes.	the	gene	respons	for	huntington	diseas	ha	been	local	to	a	2.	5	million	base	pair	(mb)	region	between	the	loci	d4s10	and	d4s168	on	the	short	arm	of	chromosom	4.	As	part	of	a	strategi	to	clone	the	HD	gene	on	the	basi	of	it	chromosom	location,	we	isol	genom	dna	from	the	HD	region	as	a	set	of	overlap	yeast	artifici	chromosom	(yac)	clones.	twenty-eight	yac	clone	were	identifi	by	screen	human	yac	librari	with	twelv	pcr-base	sequence-tag	site	(stss)	from	the	region.	We	assembl	the	yac	clone	into	overlap	set	by	hybrid	them	to	a	larg	number	of	dna	probe	from	the	HD	region,	includ	the	stss.	In	addition,	we	isol	the	end	of	the	human	dna	insert	of	most	of	the	yac	clone	to	assist	in	the	construct	of	the	contig.	although	almost	half	of	the	yac	appear	to	contain	chimer	insert	and	sever	contain	intern	delet	or	other	rearrangements,	we	were	abl	to	obtain	over	2.	2	Mb	of	the	HD	region	in	yacs,	includ	one	continu	segment	of	2.	0	Mb	cover	the	region	that	most	like	contain	the	HD	gene.	ten	of	the	twenti	eight	yac	clone	compris	a	minim	set	span	the	2.	2	mb.	these	clone	provid	reagent	for	the	complet	character	of	thi	region	of	the	genom	and	for	the	eventu	isol	of	the	HD	gene
8113388	three	novel	mutat	in	five	unrel	subject	with	hereditari	protein	S	defici	type	I.	A	panel	of	eight	unrel	subject	with	inherit	type	I	protein	S	defici	wa	screen	for	mutat	in	the	pros1	gene.	In	five	subject	an	abnorm	wa	found	but	mutat	were	not	detect	in	the	remain	three	subjects.	two	subject	share	a	g--	>	A	transit	at	posit	+	5	of	the	donor	splice	site	consensu	sequenc	of	intron	10.	also	in	two	subject	an	a--	>	T	transvers	wa	detect	in	the	stopcodon	of	the	pros1	gene;	thi	transvers	predict	a	protein	S	molecul	that	is	extend	by	14	amino	acids.	the	fifth	subject	wa	found	to	possess	two	sequenc	abnormalities.	one	allel	carri	a	g--	>	A	transit	near	the	donor	splice	junction	of	intron	2,	but	thi	abnorm	is	probabl	neutral,	sinc	it	wa	inherit	from	the	parent	with	normal	protein	S	antigen	levels.	In	the	other	allel	a	singl	T	insert	in	codon	-25	wa	found.	analysi	of	platelet	rna	show	that	onli	the	mrna	with	the	a--	>	T	mutat	in	the	stopcodon	is	present	in	amount	compar	to	wildtyp	rna.	mrna	from	the	allel	with	the	other	two	mutat	wa	either	undetect	or	present	in	greatli	reduc	amounts.	the	latter	indic	that	a	mrna	base	approach	is	not	feasibl	for	the	genet	analysi	of	protein	S	defici	type	I.
3029599	A	potenti	anim	model	for	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	through	introduct	of	hprt	mutat	into	mice.	the	human	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	is	a	rare	neurolog	and	behaviour	disorder,	affect	onli	males,	which	is	caus	by	an	inherit	defici	in	the	level	of	activ	of	the	purin	salvag	enzym	hypoxanthine-guanosin	phosphoribosyl	transferas	(hprt).	how	the	result	alter	in	purin	metabol	lead	to	the	sever	symptom	characterist	of	lesch-nyhan	patient	is	still	not	understood.	No	mutat	at	the	hprt	locu	lead	to	loss	of	activ	have	been	describ	in	laboratori	animals.	To	deriv	an	anim	model	for	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrome,	we	have	use	cultur	mous	embryon	stem	cells,	mutagen	by	retrovir	insert	and	select	for	loss	of	hprt	activity,	to	construct	chimaer	mice.	two	clonal	line	carri	differ	mutant	hprt	allel	have	given	rise	to	germ	cell	in	chimaeras,	allow	the	deriv	of	strain	of	mutant	mice	have	the	same	biochem	defect	as	lesch-nyhan	patients.	male	mice	carri	the	mutant	allel	are	viabl	and	analysi	of	their	cell	show	a	total	lack	of	hprt	activity.
2316519	duplic	mutat	at	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	locus:	it	frequency,	distribution,	origin,	and	phenotypegenotyp	correlation.	partial	gene	delet	is	the	major	caus	of	mutat	lead	to	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(bmd).	partial	gene	duplic	ha	also	been	recogn	in	a	few	cases.	We	have	conduct	a	survey	for	duplic	in	72	unrel	nondelet	patients,	analyz	by	southern	blot	hybrid	with	clone	repres	the	entir	dmd	cdna.	with	care	quantit	analysi	of	hybrid	band	intensity,	10	case	were	found	to	carri	a	duplic	of	part	of	the	gene,	a	frequenc	of	14%	for	nondelet	case	(10/72),	or	6%	for	all	case	(10/181).	the	extent	of	these	duplic	ha	been	character	accord	to	the	publish	exon-contain	hindiii	fragment	map,	and	in	six	of	the	10	duplic	a	novel	restrict	fragment	that	span	the	duplic	junction	wa	detected.	the	result	translat	read	frame	of	mrna	ha	been	predict	for	nine	duplications.	A	shift	of	the	read	frame	wa	predict	in	four	of	the	six	dmd	case	and	in	one	of	the	two	intermedi	cases,	while	the	read	frame	remain	uninterrupt	in	both	bmd	cases.	rflp	and	quantit	southern	blot	analys	reveal	a	grandpatern	origin	of	duplic	in	four	famili	and	grandmatern	origin	in	one	family.	In	all	five	families,	the	duplic	wa	found	to	origin	from	a	singl	X	chromosome.	unequ	sister-chromatid	exchang	is	propos	to	be	the	mechan	for	the	format	of	these	duplications.
6087154	molecular	evid	for	new	mutat	at	the	hprt	locu	in	lesch-nyhan	patients.	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt;	ec2.	4.	2.	8),	which	function	in	the	metabol	salvag	of	purines,	is	encod	by	an	x-link	gene	in	man.	partial	hprt	defici	are	associ	with	gouti	arthritis,	while	absenc	of	activ	result	in	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	(l-n).	l-n	patient	fail	to	reproduc	and	the	heterozyg	state	appear	to	confer	no	select	advantage.	thus,	haldan	principl	predict	that	new	mutat	at	the	hprt	locu	must	occur	frequent	in	order	for	l-n	syndrom	to	be	maintain	in	the	population.	thi	constant	introduct	of	new	mutat	would	be	expect	to	result	in	a	heterogen	collect	of	genet	lesions,	some	of	which	may	be	novel.	As	we	report	here,	the	mutat	in	the	hprt	gene	of	seven	l-n	patients,	select	from	an	initi	survey	of	28	patients,	have	been	character	and	all	were	found	to	be	distinctli	different,	as	predicted.	the	origin	of	one	unusu	mutat	ha	been	identifi	by	analysi	of	dna	from	four	gener	of	famili	members.	further	molecular	analysi	of	the	origin	of	new	mutat	at	the	hprt	locu	should	aid	in	resolv	the	issu	of	an	appar	differ	in	the	frequenc	of	hprt	mutat	in	male	and	femal
3600793	the	map	of	a	cdna	from	the	human	x-link	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	gene	to	the	mous	X	chromosome.	the	recent	discoveri	of	sequenc	at	the	site	of	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene	in	human	ha	open	up	the	possibl	of	a	detail	molecular	analysi	of	the	gene	in	human	and	in	relat	mammalian	species.	until	rel	recently,	there	wa	no	obviou	mous	model	of	thi	genet	diseas	for	the	develop	of	therapeut	strategies.	the	identif	of	a	mous	x-link	mutant	show	muscular	dystrophy,	mdx,	ha	provid	a	candid	mous	genet	homologu	to	the	dmd	locus;	the	rel	mild	patholog	featur	of	mdx	suggest	it	may	have	more	in	common	with	mutat	of	the	becker	muscular	dystrophi	type	at	the	same	human	locus,	however.	but	the	close	genet	linkag	of	mdx	to	g6pd	and	hprt	on	the	mous	X	chromosome,	coupl	with	it	compar	mild	pathology,	have	suggest	that	the	mdx	mutat	may	instead	correspond	to	emeri	dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	which	itself	is	close	link	to	dna	marker	at	xq28-qter	in	the	region	of	g6pd	on	the	human	X	chromosome.	use	an	interspecif	mous	domesticus/spretu	cross,	segreg	for	a	varieti	of	marker	on	the	mous	X	chromosome,	we	have	posit	on	the	mous	X	chromosom	sequenc	homolog	to	a	dmd	cdna	clone.	these	sequenc	map	provoc	close	to	the	mdx	mutat	and	unexpectedli	distant	from	spars	fur,	spf,	the	mous	homologu	of	otc	(ornithin	transcarbamylase)	which	is	close	link	to	dmd	on	the	human	X	chromosome.
10094559	identif	of	the	mutat	in	the	alkaptonuria	mous	model.	alkaptonuria	(aku),	an	inborn	error	of	metabol	caus	by	the	loss	of	homogentis	1,	2-dioxygenas	(hgd),	ha	been	describ	in	a	mous	model	creat	by	ethylnitrosourea	mutagenesi	but	the	mutat	in	these	mice	ha	not	previous	been	identified.	We	use	rt-pcr	to	amplifi	the	hgd	cdna	from	hgd	(aku)/hgd	(aku)	mice.	two	product	shorter	than	the	wild-typ	product	were	amplified.	restrict	map	and	dna	sequenc	were	then	use	to	identifi	the	hgd	(aku)	mous	mutation,	found	to	be	a	singl	base	chang	in	a	splice	donor	consensu	sequence,	caus	exon	skip	and	frame-shift	products.	thi	base	chang	allow	us	to	creat	a	non-radioact	genotyp	assay	for	thi	allel
1347968	common	sequenc	motif	at	the	rearrang	site	of	a	constitut	x/autosom	transloc	and	associ	deletion.	reciproc	chromosom	transloc	are	common	de	novo	rearrang	that	occur	randomli	throughout	the	human	genome.	To	learn	about	caus	mechanisms,	we	have	clone	and	sequenc	the	breakpoint	of	a	cytolog	balanc	constitut	reciproc	translocation,	t	(x;	4)	(p21.	2;	q31.	22),	present	in	a	girl	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	physic	map	of	the	deriv	chromosomes,	after	their	separ	in	somat	cell	hybrids,	reveal	that	the	transloc	disrupt	the	dmd	gene	in	xp21	within	the	18-kb	intron	16.	restrict	map	and	sequenc	of	clone	that	span	both	transloc	breakpoint	as	well	as	the	correspond	normal	region	indic	the	loss	of	approxim	5	kb	in	the	format	of	the	deriv	X	chromosome,	with	4-6	bp	delet	from	chromosom	4.	rflp	and	southern	analys	indic	that	the	de	novo	transloc	is	a	patern	origin	and	that	the	father	X	chromosom	contain	the	dna	that	is	delet	in	the	deriv	X.	most	likely,	delet	and	translat	aros	simultan	from	a	complex	rearrang	event	that	involv	three	chromosom	breakpoints.	short	region	of	sequenc	homolog	were	present	at	the	three	sites.	A	5-bp	sequence,	ggaat,	found	exactli	at	the	transloc	breakpoint	on	both	normal	chromosom	X	and	4,	ha	been	preserv	onli	on	the	der	(4)	chromosome.	It	is	like	that	the	x-deriv	sequenc	ggaatca	ha	been	lost	in	the	format	of	the	der	(x)	chromosome,	as	it	match	an	invert	gaatca	sequenc	present	on	the	opposit	strand	exactli	at	the	other	end	of	the	delet	5-kb	fragment
10874302	the	human	factor	IX	gene	as	germlin	mutagen	test:	sampl	from	mainland	china	have	the	put	endogen	pattern	of	mutation.	germlin	mutat	are	the	major	sourc	of	genet	variat	that	allow	a	speci	to	evolv	over	time	but	at	the	cost	of	mendelian	diseas	and	genet	predisposit	to	multifactori	diseases.	previou	analys	have	reveal	that	the	pattern	of	germlin	mutat	in	the	factor	IX	gene	(f9)	is	similar	among	a	varieti	of	ethnic	and	geograph	divers	popul	and	compat	with	the	ancient	pattern	that	ha	shape	the	mammalian	genome.	here,	we	compar	the	pattern	of	germlin	mutat	in	a	popul	of	hemophilia	B	patient	from	mainland	china	(n	=	66)	to	that	in	U.	S.	caucasians,	blacks,	and	mexican	hispan	and	stratifi	by	diseas	sever	and	ethnicity.	the	similar	pattern	of	germlin	mutat	in	all	ethnic	group	studi	to	date	provid	addit	data	compat	with	the	infer	that	endogen	process	predomin	in	germlin	mutat
3591825	phenotyp	heterogen	among	hemizygot	in	a	famili	biochem	screen	for	adrenoleukodystrophy.	We	report	on	two	clinically,	neurolog	normal	rel	of	a	boy	affect	by	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald);	they	were	found	repeatedli	to	have	the	biochem	defect	of	an	ald	hemizygote.	the	assay	consist	in	the	determin	of	very-long-chain	fatti	acid	in	lyophil	and	reconstitut	plasma.	while	no	evid	of	neurolog	diseas	(leukodystrophi	or	myeloneuropathy)	wa	present	in	these	hemizygotes,	adrenocort	insuffici	provok	compensatori	high	acth	releas	wa	found	in	both.	these	find	should	be	taken	into	consider	when	counsel	famili	in	which	case	with	clinic	express	ald	are	repres	in	sever	generations.
10721669	novel	mutat	of	the	atp7b	gene	in	japanes	patient	with	wilson	disease.	wilson	diseas	(wd)	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	character	by	copper	accumul	in	the	liver,	brain,	kidneys,	and	corneas,	and	culmin	in	copper	toxic	in	these	organs.	In	thi	study,	we	analyz	mutat	of	the	respons	gene,	atp7b,	in	four	japanes	patient	with	wd.	By	direct	sequencing,	we	identifi	five	mutations,	of	which	two	were	novel,	and	16	polymorphisms,	of	which	6	were	novel.	the	mutat	2871delc	and	2513dela	shift	the	read	frame	so	that	truncat	abnorm	protein	is	expected.	In	contrast	to	these	mutat	found	in	patient	with	hepatic-typ	of	earli	onset,	the	mutat	a874v,	r778l,	and	3892delgtc	were	either	missens	mutat	or	in	frame	1-amino	acid	deletion,	and	occur	in	the	patient	with	hepato-neurolog	type	of	late	onset.	the	mutat	2871delc	and	r778l	have	been	previous	report	in	a	rel	larg	number	of	japanes	patients.	In	particular,	r778l	is	known	to	be	more	preval	in	asian	countri	than	in	other	countri	of	the	world.	our	data	are	compat	with	the	hypothesi	that	the	mutat	tend	to	occur	in	a	population-specif	manner.	therefore,	the	accumul	of	the	type	of	mutat	in	japanes	patient	with	WD	will	facilit	the	fast	and	effect	genet	diagnosi	of	WD	in	japanes	patients.
7759106	structur	analysi	of	the	5'	region	of	mous	and	human	huntington	diseas	gene	reveal	conserv	of	put	promot	region	and	di-	and	trinucleotid	polymorphisms.	We	have	previous	clone	and	character	the	murin	homologu	of	the	huntington	diseas	(hd)	gene	and	shown	that	it	map	to	mous	chromosom	5	within	a	region	of	conserv	synteni	with	human	chromosom	4p16.	3	3.	here	we	present	a	detail	comparison	of	the	sequenc	of	the	put	promot	and	the	organ	of	the	5	genom	region	of	the	murin	(hdh)	and	human	HD	gene	encompass	the	first	five	exons.	We	show	that	in	thi	region	these	two	gene	share	ident	exon	boundaries,	but	have	different-s	introns.	two	dinucleotid	(ct)	and	one	trinucleotid	intron	polymorph	in	hdh	and	an	intron	CA	polymorph	in	the	HD	gene	were	identified.	comparison	of	940-bp	sequenc	5	to	the	put	translat	start	site	reveal	a	highli	conserv	region	(78.	8%	nucleotid	identity)	between	hdh	and	the	HD	gene	from	nucleotid	-56	to	-206	(of	hdh).	neither	hdh	nor	the	HD	gene	have	typic	tata	or	ccaat	elements,	but	both	show	one	put	ap2	bind	site	and	numer	potenti	sp1	bind	sites.	the	high	sequenc	ident	between	hdh	and	the	HD	gene	for	approxim	200	bp	5	to	the	put	translat	start	site	indic	that	these	sequenc	may	play	a	role	in	regul	express	of	the	huntington	diseas	gen
6103091	complement	defici	and	nephritis.	A	report	of	a	family.	A	famili	is	describ	in	which	three	children	had	homozyg	defici	of	C3	and	in	which	both	parent	and	two	other	children	were	heterozyg	for	the	C3	null	gene.	one	child	with	heterozyg	C3	defici	wa	found	to	have	membranoprolif	glomerulonephritis;	proteinuria	and/or	microscop	haematuria	wa	present	in	all	three	homozyg	c3-defici	children.	all	children	with	homozyg	or	heterozyg	C3	defici	were,	to	a	vari	degree,	suscept	to	infection.	the	onli	child	of	the	famili	with	normal	complement	had	no	increas	risk	of	infect	and	no	renal	disease.	thi	famili	studi	provid	further	support	for	the	propos	that	C3	defici	predispos	to	nephritis.
1222588	cytogenet	investig	in	famili	with	ataxia-telangiectasia.	chromosom	studi	were	perform	on	peripher	blood	lymphocyt	and	cultur	skin	fibroblast	from	five	israeli-moroccan	famili	with	ataxia-telangiectasia.	A	total	of	24	individuals,	includ	seven	propositi,	wa	investigated.	among	the	probands,	significantli	elev	rate	of	chromosom	damag	were	observ	in	both	blood	and	skin.	skin	fibroblast	of	affect	individu	show	sever	order	of	magnitud	more	chromosom	breakag	than	lymphocytes.	increas	rate	of	chromosom	damag	were	also	observ	in	the	fibroblast	of	some	phenotyp	normal	famili	member	(oblig	heterozygot	and	sibs)	when	compar	to	normal	controls.	An	appar	abnorm	clone	of	cells,	possess	a	larg	acrocentr	marker	chromosom	(14q	+),	wa	observ	in	vari	proport	among	cell	of	all	the	propos	(2-5%	of	lymphocytes;	1-9%	of	fibroblasts).
7991123	predomin	of	the	adrenomyeloneuropathi	phenotyp	of	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	in	the	netherlands:	a	survey	of	30	kindreds.	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(x-ald)	is	an	inherit	disord	of	peroxisom	beta-oxid	associ	with	accumul	of	satur	veri	long-chain	fatti	acids,	which	result	in	central	and	peripher	demyelin	and	in	impair	function	of	adren	cortex	and	testes.	the	phenotyp	express	is	highli	variable,	childhood	cerebr	ald	(ccald)	and	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn)	be	the	main	variants.	We	explor	the	30	dutch	kindr	well	known	to	the	dutch	x-ald/amn	studi	group	and	phenotyp	77	male	patient	35	(46%)	had	amn	and	24	(31%)	ccald	or	adolesc	cerebr	ald	(adolcald).	these	percentag	differ	significantli	from	previou	reports,	in	which	25	to	28%	of	the	patient	develop	amn	and	53	to	57%	ccald	or	adolcald.	our	find	indic	that--at	least	in	the	netherlands--amn	may	be	the	most	frequent	phenotyp	of	x-ald.
7550230	three	novel	aniridia	mutat	in	the	human	pax6	gene.	aniridia	(iri	hypoplasia)	is	an	autosom	domin	congenit	disord	of	the	eye.	mutat	in	the	human	aniridia	(pax6)	gene	have	now	been	identifi	in	mani	patient	from	variou	ethnic	groups.	In	the	studi	report	here	we	describ	pax6	mutat	in	one	sporad	and	five	famili	case	with	aniridia.	Of	the	four	differ	mutat	identified,	one	wa	ident	to	a	previous	report	mutat	(c--	>	T	transit	at	codon	240),	and	three	were	novel	two	in	the	glycine-rich	region	and	one	in	the	proline/serine/threonine-rich	(pst)	region.	one	pax6	mutat	found	in	the	pst	region	wa	associ	with	cataract	in	an	aniridia	family.	anoth	splice	mutat	in	the	pst	domain	occur	in	an	aniridia	patient	with	anosmia	(inabl	to	smell).	the	six	new	aniridia	case	report	here	have	mutat	predict	to	gener	incomplet	pax6	proteins.	these	result	support	the	theori	that	human	aniridia	is	caus	by	haploinsuffici	of	pax6.
3354603	hepatoblastoma,	pigment	ocular	fundu	lesion	and	jaw	lesion	in	gardner	syndrome.	hepatoblastoma	is	a	rare	neoplasm	of	infant	and	children	onli	recent	document	in	associ	with	hereditari	adenomat	polyposi	of	the	colon	[kingston	et	al.,	1983].	We	report	four	children	with	hepatoblastoma	from	four	unrel	famili	with	gardner	syndrom	(gs).	one	child,	now	19	year	old,	surviv	after	a	resect	of	a	hepatoblastoma	in	infanc	and	recent	wa	found	to	have	gs.	He	ha	an	associ	odontoma	and	pigment	ocular	fundu	lesions,	both	of	which	have	been	shown	to	be	clinic	marker	of	gs.	mani	individu	in	these	four	GS	families,	both	affect	and	at	risk,	have	osteomat	jaw	lesion	and	pigment	ocular	fundu	lesions.	A	search	for	colon	polyp	should	be	made	in	famili	of	infant	and	children	with	hepatoblastoma.	If	the	child	survives,	he	or	she	should	be	monitor	for	the	later	appear	of	colon	polyps.	the	find	of	jaw	lesion	and/or	pigment	ocular	fundu	lesion	in	rel	at	risk	are	indic	of	the	possibl	presenc	of	the	GS	gene
7981671	mutat	spectrum	in	the	chm	gene	of	danish	and	swedish	choroideremia	patients.	the	recent	isol	of	the	complet	open	read	frame	of	the	choroideremia	(chm)	gene	and	the	character	of	the	exon-intron	boundari	ha	pave	the	way	to	mutat	detect	in	patient	with	classic	choroideremia.	We	have	perform	mutat	screen	in	patient	from	15	danish	and	swedish	famili	by	use	southern	blot	hybrid	and	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	single-strand	conform	polymorph	(pcr-sscp)	technique.	caus	mutat	in	the	chm	gene	were	detect	in	at	least	12	families,	indic	that	a	substanti	part	of	the	mutat	can	be	identifi	by	thi	approach.	In	four	of	these	famili	delet	of	differ	size	were	found.	thus,	in	one	patient,	the	delet	result	in	the	absenc	of	onli	one	exon,	while	in	anoth	the	delet	compris	the	entir	chm	gene.	map	of	the	delet	endpoint	in	these	four	patient	and	in	anoth	11	male	patient	with	sizeabl	delet	enabl	us	to	construct	a	veri	detail	map	of	interv	2	and	3	of	xq21.	In	the	remain	11	danish	and	swedish	famili	at	least	8	caus	mutat	were	found	by	pcr-sscp	analysi	and	direct	sequencing.	interestingly,	all	chm	gene	mutat	detect	thu	far	in	choroideremia	patient	give	rise	to	the	introduct	of	a	prematur	stop	codon.
1562739	divers	point	mutat	result	in	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	polymorph	in	taiwan.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd;	EC	1.1.	1.	49)	defici	is	the	most	common	human	enzymopathy,	affect	more	than	200	million	peopl	worldwide.	although	greater	than	400	variant	have	been	describ	base	on	clinic	and	biochem	criteria,	littl	is	known	about	the	molecular	basi	of	these	g6pd	deficiencies.	recently,	the	gene	that	encod	human	g6pd	ha	been	clone	and	sequenced,	which	enabl	us	to	examin	directli	the	heterogen	of	g6pd	at	the	dna	level.	dure	the	past	10	years,	we	examin	the	g6pd	activ	in	21,	271	newborn	chines	infant	(11,	400	male	and	9,	871	females)	and	identifi	314	(2.	8%)	male	and	246	(2.	5%)	femal	have	low	g6pd	activity.	the	g6pd	gene	from	10	randomli	select	affect	individu	and	their	rel	wa	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	amplified,	subcloned,	and	sequenced.	our	result	indic	that	at	least	four	type	of	mutat	are	respons	for	the	g6pd	polymorph	in	taiwan.	the	first	type	of	mutat	(487	g----a)	wa	found	in	an	affect	chines	with	a	G	to	A	chang	at	nucleotid	487,	which	result	in	a	(163)	gli	to	ser	substitution.	the	second	type	of	mutat	(493	a----g)	is	a	novel	mutat	that	ha	not	been	report	in	ani	other	ethnic	group	and	wa	identifi	in	two	affect	chinese.	thi	mutat	caus	an	A	to	G	chang	at	nucleotid	posit	493,	produc	an	(165)	asn	to	asp	substitution.	interestingly,	the	487	g----a	and	493	a----g	mutat	creat	alu	I	and	ava	II	recognit	sites,	respectively,	which	enabl	us	to	rapidli	detect	these	two	mutat	by	pcr/restrict	enzym	(re)	digest	method.	the	third	mutat	(1376	g----t)	wa	found	in	four	affect	chinese.	thi	mutat	caus	a	G	to	T	chang	at	nucleotid	posit	1376	that	result	in	an	(459)	arg	to	leu	substitution.	the	1376	g----t	mutat	seem	to	be	the	domin	allel	that	caus	g6pd	defici	in	taiwan.	finally,	two	affect	chines	were	identifi	as	have	the	fourth	mutat	(1388	g----a).	thi	mutat	caus	a	G	to	A	chang	at	nucleotid	1388	that	produc	an	(463)	arg	to	hi	substitution.	our	studi	provid	the	direct	proof	of	the	genet	heterogen	of	g6pd	defici	in	the	chines	popul	of	taiwan	and	the	pcr/re	digest	method	is	suitabl	for	simultan	detect	of	the	487	g----a	and	493	a----g	mutat
10875918	fa	preassoci	requir	for	apoptosi	signal	and	domin	inhibit	by	pathogen	mutations.	heterozyg	mutat	encod	abnorm	form	of	the	death	receptor	fa	dominantli	interfer	with	fas-induc	lymphocyt	apoptosi	in	human	autoimmun	lymphoprolif	syndrome.	thi	effect,	rather	than	depend	on	ligand-induc	receptor	oligomerization,	wa	found	to	stem	from	ligand-	independ	interact	of	wild-typ	and	mutant	fa	receptor	through	a	specif	region	in	the	extracellular	domain.	preassoci	fa	complex	were	found	in	live	cell	by	mean	of	fluoresc	reson	energi	transfer	between	variant	of	green	fluoresc	protein.	these	result	show	that	format	of	preassoci	receptor	complex	is	necessari	for	fa	signal	and	domin	interfer	in	human	disease.
8434621	famili	mediterranean	fever	in	the	colchicin	era:	the	fate	of	one	family.	In	order	to	demonstr	the	effect	of	prophylact	colchicin	treatment	on	the	natur	histori	of	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf),	a	famili	is	present	with	6	out	of	9	sibl	affect	by	fmf.	each	patient	repres	a	differ	stage	of	the	amyloidot	kidney	diseas	of	fmf	and	the	effect	of	continu	colchicin	treatment	on	it	course.	consid	together,	the	member	of	thi	famili	present	an	almost	complet	clinical,	genetic,	and	behavior	pictur	of	the	disease.
1684088	two	new	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	mutat	in	a	juvenil	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld)	patient.	fragment	of	the	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	gene	from	a	patient	with	juvenile-onset	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld)	were	amplifi	by	pcr	and	ligat	into	mp13	clone	vectors.	clone	hybrid	with	cdna	for	human	arsa	were	selected,	examin	for	appropri	size	inserts,	and	use	to	prepar	single-strand	phage	dna.	examin	of	the	entir	code	and	most	of	the	intron	sequenc	reveal	two	put	disease-rel	mutations.	one,	a	point	mutat	in	exon	3,	result	in	the	substitut	of	isoleucin	by	serine.	introduct	of	thi	alter	into	the	normal	arsa	cdna	sequenc	result	in	a	substanti	decreas	in	arsa	activ	on	transient	express	in	cultur	babi	hamster	kidney	cells.	about	5%	of	the	control	express	wa	observed,	suggest	a	small	residu	activ	in	the	mutat	arsa.	the	second	mutation,	a	g-to-a	transition,	occur	in	the	other	allel	and	result	in	an	alter	splice-recognit	sequenc	between	exon	7	and	the	follow	intron.	the	mutat	also	result	in	the	loss	of	a	restrict	site.	appar	normal	level	of	mrna	were	gener	from	thi	allele,	but	no	arsa	activ	or	immuno-cross-react	materi	could	be	detected.	A	collect	of	dna	sampl	from	known	or	suspect	mld	patients,	member	of	their	families,	and	normal	control	wa	screen	for	these	mutations.	four	addit	individu	carri	each	of	the	mutat	were	found	among	the	nearli	100	mld	patient	in	the	sample.	gene	segreg	in	the	origin	patient	famili	wa	consist	with	avail	clinic	and	biochem	data.	No	individu	homozyg	for	either	of	these	two	mutat	were	identified.	however,	combin	with	other	mld	mutat	suggest	that	the	point	mutat	in	exon	3	doe	result	in	some	residu	enzym	activ	and	is	associ	with	late-onset	form	of	the	disease.	the	splice-sit	mutat	follow	exon	7	produc	late-infantil	mld	when	combin	with	other	enzyme-nul	mutations,	impli	that	it	is	complet	silent	enzymatically.
10441329	null	mutat	of	the	murin	atp7b	(wilson	disease)	gene	result	in	intracellular	copper	accumul	and	late-onset	hepat	nodular	transformation.	the	atp7b	protein	is	a	copper-transport	atpas	express	predominantli	in	the	liver	and	to	a	lesser	extent	in	most	other	tissues.	mutat	in	the	atp7b	gene	lead	to	wilson	disease,	a	copper	toxic	disord	character	by	dramat	build-up	of	intracellular	hepat	copper	with	subsequ	hepat	and	neuro-log	abnormalities.	use	homolog	recombin	to	disrupt	the	normal	translat	of	atp7b,	we	have	gener	a	strain	of	mice	that	are	homozyg	mutant	(null)	for	the	wilson	diseas	gene.	the	atp7b	null	mice	display	a	gradual	accumul	of	hepat	copper	that	increas	to	a	level	60-fold	greater	than	normal	by	5	month	of	age.	An	increas	in	copper	concentr	wa	also	observ	in	the	kidney,	brain,	placenta	and	lactat	mammari	gland	of	homo-zyg	mutants,	although	milk	from	the	mutant	gland	wa	copper	deficient.	morpholog	abnorm	resembl	cirrhosi	develop	in	the	major	of	the	liver	from	homozyg	mutant	older	than	7	month	of	age.	progeni	of	the	homozyg	mutant	femal	demonstr	neurolog	abnorm	and	growth	retard	characterist	of	copper	deficiency.	copper	concentr	in	the	liver	of	the	newborn	homozyg	null	mutant	wa	decreas	dramatically.	In	summary,	inactiv	of	the	murin	atp7b	gene	produc	a	form	of	cirrhot	liver	diseas	that	resembl	wilson	diseas	in	human	and	the	toxic	milk	phenotyp	in	the	mouse.
218453	adrenoleukodystrophi	and	adrenomyeloneuropathi	associ	with	partial	adren	insuffici	in	three	gener	of	a	kindred.	four	case	of	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	and	one	case	of	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn)	have	develop	in	a	kindr	over	three	gener	demonstr	that	amn	is	a	clinic	variant	of	ald.	pituitary-adren	function	studi	were	perform	in	10	famili	members,	includ	two	affect	male	and	four	femal	identifi	as	carrier	of	ald/amn.	No	pituitary-adren	abnorm	wa	found	in	the	carriers.	however,	basal	morn	plasma	adrenocorticotrop	hormon	(acth)	level	were	markedli	elev	in	the	two	male	with	ald	and	amn,	despit	the	fact	that	they	had	no	clinic	sign	of	adren	insuffici	and	that	morn	plasma	cortisol	level	and	their	respons	to	maxim	exogen	acth	stimul	appear	to	be	normal.	In	addition,	the	integr	24-hour	respons	to	the	administr	were	also	subnorm	in	these	two	cases.	thus,	peopl	with	ald	and	amn	may	have	subclin	partial	adrenocrot	insufficiency.	No	other	endocrinolog	dysfunct	wa	identified.
8566952	identif	of	mutat	in	the	ald-gen	of	20	famili	with	adrenoleukodystrophy/adrenomyeloneuropathy.	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald),	an	x-link	inherit	metabol	disorder,	is	the	most	frequent	inborn	peroxisom	disease.	It	lead	to	demyelin	in	the	central	and	peripher	nervou	system.	defect	beta-oxid	of	satur	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	(vlcfas;	c22	0-c26	0)	in	peroxisom	ha	been	shown	to	lead	to	an	accumul	of	vlcfa	in	leukoid	area	of	the	central	nervou	system,	peripher	nerves,	adren	gland,	and	blood.	the	ald	gene	ha	been	recent	identifi	and	encod	a	745-amino-acid	protein.	We	screen	patient	with	adrenoleukodystrophy/adrenomyeloneuropathi	(ald/amn)	from	20	kindr	for	mutat	in	the	ald	gene.	eleven	missens	and	two	nonsens	mutations,	five	deletions,	and	one	insert	were	detect	by	direct	sequenc	of	eight	revers	transcrib	fragment	of	the	ald-gen	mrna.	four	mutat	could	be	shown	to	be	de	novo.	all	mutat	could	be	confirm	in	carrier	by	sequenc	genom	dna.	No	correl	between	the	type	of	mutat	and	the	sever	of	the	phenotyp	could	be	observed.	the	mutat	were	not	detect	in	the	ald	gene	of	30	healthi	persons.
8128954	gonosom	mosaic	in	myoton	dystrophi	patients:	involv	of	mitot	event	in	(ctg)n	repeat	variat	and	select	against	extrem	expans	in	sperm.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	caus	by	abnorm	expans	of	a	polymorph	(ctg)	n	repeat,	locat	in	the	DM	protein	kinas	gene.	We	determin	the	(ctg)	n	repeat	length	in	a	broad	rang	of	tissu	dna	from	patient	with	mild,	classical,	or	congenit	manifest	of	dm.	differ	in	the	repeat	length	were	seen	in	somat	tissu	from	singl	DM	individu	and	twins.	repeat	appear	to	expand	to	a	similar	extent	in	tissu	origin	from	the	same	embryon	origin.	In	most	male	patient	carri	intermediate-	or	small-siz	expans	in	blood,	the	repeat	length	cover	a	markedli	wider	rang	in	sperm.	In	contrast,	male	patient	with	larg	allel	expans	in	blood	(>	700	ctgs)	had	similar	or	smaller	repeat	in	sperm,	when	detectable.	sperm	allel	with	>	1,	000	ctg	were	not	seen.	We	conclud	that	DM	patient	can	be	consid	gonosom	mosaics,	i.	e	e.,	combin	somat	and	germ-lin	tissu	mosaics.	most	remarkably,	we	observ	multipl	case	where	the	length	distribut	of	intermediate-	or	small-siz	allel	in	father	sperm	were	significantli	differ	from	that	in	their	offspr	blood.	our	combin	find	indic	that	intergener	length	chang	in	the	unstabl	ctg	repeat	are	most	like	to	occur	dure	earli	embryon	mitot	divis	in	both	somat	and	germ-lin	tissu	formation.	both	the	initi	ctg	length,	the	overal	number	of	cell	divis	involv	in	tissu	formation,	and	perhap	a	specif	select	process	in	spermatogenesi	may	influenc	the	dynam	of	thi	process.	A	model	explain	mitot	instabl	and	sex-depend	segreg	phenomena	in	DM	manifest	is	discuss
10712209	combin	analysi	of	hereditari	prostat	cancer	linkag	to	1q24-25:	result	from	772	hereditari	prostat	cancer	famili	from	the	intern	consortium	for	prostat	cancer	genetics.	A	previou	linkag	studi	provid	evid	for	a	prostat	cancer-suscept	locu	at	1q24-25.	subsequ	report	in	addit	collect	of	famili	have	yield	conflict	results.	In	addition,	evid	for	locu	heterogen	ha	been	provid	by	the	identif	of	other	put	hereditari	prostat	cancer	loci	on	xq27-28,	1q42-43,	and	1p36.	the	present	studi	describ	a	combin	analysi	for	six	marker	in	the	1q24-25	region	in	772	famili	affect	by	hereditari	prostat	cancer	and	ascertain	by	the	member	of	the	intern	consortium	for	prostat	cancer	genet	(icpcg)	from	north	america,	australia,	finland,	norway,	sweden,	and	the	unit	kingdom.	overall,	there	wa	some	evid	for	linkage,	with	a	peak	parametr	multipoint	lod	score	assum	heterogen	(hlod)	of	1.	40	(P	=.	01)	at	d1s212.	the	estim	proport	of	famili	(alpha)	link	to	the	locu	was.	06	(1-lod	support	interval.	01-.	12).	thi	evid	wa	not	observ	by	a	nonparametr	approach,	presum	becaus	of	the	extens	heterogeneity.	further	parametr	analysi	reveal	a	signific	effect	of	the	presenc	of	male-to-mal	diseas	transmiss	within	the	families.	In	the	subset	of	491	such	families,	the	peak	hlod	wa	2.	In	the	subset	of	491	such	families,	the	peak	hlod	wa	2.	56	(P	=.	0006)	and	alpha	=.	11	(1-lod	support	interval.	04-.	19),	compar	with	hlod	of	0	in	the	remain	281	families.	within	the	famili	with	male-to-mal	diseas	transmission,	alpha	increas	with	the	earli	mean	age	at	diagnosi	(<	65	years,	alpha	=.	19,	with	1-lod	support	interval.	06-.	34)	and	the	number	of	affect	famili	member	(five	or	more	famili	members,	alpha	=.	15,	with	1-lod	support	interval.	04-.	28).	the	highest	valu	of	alpha	wa	observ	for	the	48	famili	that	met	all	three	criteria	(peak	hlod	=	2.	25,	P	=.	001,	alpha	=.	29,	with	1-lod	support	interval.	08-.	53).	these	result	support	the	find	of	a	prostat	cancer-suscept	gene	link	to	1q24-25,	albeit	in	a	defin	subset	of	prostat	cancer	families.	although	hpc1	account	for	onli	a	small	proport	of	all	famili	affect	by	hereditari	prostat	cancer,	it	appear	to	play	a	more	promin	role	in	the	subset	of	famili	with	sever	member	affect	at	an	earli	age	and	with	male-to-mal	diseas	transmiss
8466512	A	novel	diseas	with	defici	of	mitochondri	very-long-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenase.	palmitoyl-coa	dehydrogenas	activ	in	skin	fibroblast	from	seven	patient	with	unidentifi	defect	of	fatti	acid	oxid	wa	measur	in	the	presenc	and	absenc	of	antibodi	against	medium-chain,	long-chain,	and	very-long-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	(vlcad).	two	of	the	patients,	4-5	month	old	boys,	were	found	to	have	a	novel	disease,	vlcad	deficiency,	as	judg	from	the	result	of	veri	low	palmitoyl-coa	dehydrogenas	activ	and	the	lack	of	immunoreact	toward	antibodi	rais	to	purifi	vlcad.
1327525	inherit	wt1	mutat	in	denys-drash	syndrome.	patient	with	the	denys-drash	syndrom	(wilm	tumor,	genit	anomalies,	and	nephropathy)	have	been	demonstr	to	carri	de	novo	constitut	mutat	in	wt1,	the	wilm	tumor	gene	at	chromosom	11p13.	We	report	three	new	cases,	two	carri	a	previous	describ	wt1	exon	9	mutat	and	one	with	a	novel	wt1	exon	8	mutation.	however,	unlik	patient	in	previou	reports,	one	of	our	three	patient	inherit	the	affect	allel	from	hi	phenotyp	unaffect	father.	thi	observ	indic	that	the	wt1	exon	9	mutat	affect	394arg	demonstr	in	over	one-half	of	the	patient	with	the	denys-drash	syndrom	may	exhibit	incomplet	penetrance.	consequently,	famili	studi	in	patient	affect	by	thi	syndrom	are	recommended.
2008213	glucose/galactos	malabsorpt	caus	by	a	defect	in	the	na+/glucos	cotransporter.	glucose/galactos	malabsorpt	(ggm)	is	an	autosom	recess	diseas	manifest	within	the	first	week	of	life	and	character	by	a	select	failur	to	absorb	dietari	glucos	and	galactos	from	the	intestine.	the	consequ	sever	diarrhoea	and	dehydr	are	usual	fatal	unless	these	sugar	are	elimin	from	the	diet.	intestin	biopsi	of	ggm	patient	have	reveal	a	specif	defect	in	Na	(+)	-depend	absorpt	of	glucos	in	the	brush	border.	normal	glucos	absorpt	is	mediat	by	the	Na	+/glucos	cotransport	in	the	brush	border	membran	of	the	intestin	epithelium.	cellular	influx	is	driven	by	the	transmembran	Na	+	electrochem	potenti	gradient;	thereaft	the	sugar	move	to	the	blood	across	the	basolater	membran	via	the	facilit	glucos	carrier.	We	have	previous	clone	and	sequenc	a	Na	+/glucos	cotransport	from	normal	human	ileum	and	shown	that	thi	gene,	sglt1,	resid	on	the	distal	q	arm	of	chromosom	22.	We	have	now	amplifi	sglt1	complementari	dna	and	genom	dna	from	member	of	a	famili	affect	with	ggm	by	the	polymeras	chain	reaction.	sequenc	analysi	of	the	amplifi	product	ha	reveal	a	singl	missens	mutat	in	sglt1	which	cosegreg	with	the	ggm	phenotyp	and	result	in	a	complet	loss	of	Na	(+)	-depend	glucos	transport	in	xenopu	oocyt	inject	with	thi	complementari	rna.
10639175	atm	and	bax	cooper	in	ioniz	radiation-induc	apoptosi	in	the	central	nervou	system.	ataxia-telangiectasia	is	a	hereditari	multisystem	diseas	result	from	mutat	of	ataxia	telangiectasia,	mutat	(atm)	and	is	character	by	neurodegeneration,	cancer,	immun	defects,	and	hypersensit	to	ioniz	radiation.	the	molecular	detail	of	atm	function	in	the	nervou	system	are	unclear,	although	the	neurolog	lesion	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	becom	appar	earli	in	life,	suggest	a	development	origin.	the	central	nervou	system	(cns)	of	atm-nul	mice	show	a	pronounc	defect	in	apoptosi	induc	by	genotox	stress,	suggest	atm	function	to	elimin	neuron	with	excess	genom	damage.	here,	we	report	that	the	death	effector	bax	is	requir	for	a	larg	proport	of	atm-depend	apoptosi	in	the	develop	cn	after	ioniz	radiat	(ir).	although	mani	of	the	same	region	of	the	cn	in	both	bax-/-	and	atm-/-	mice	were	radioresistant,	mice	nullizyg	for	both	bax	and	atm	show	addit	reduct	in	ir-induc	apoptosi	in	the	cns.	therefore,	although	the	major	ir-induc	apoptot	pathway	in	the	cn	requir	atm	and	bax,	a	p53-depend	collater	pathway	exist	that	ha	both	atm-	and	bax-independ	branches.	further,	atm-	and	bax-depend	apoptosi	in	the	cn	also	requir	caspase-3	activation.	these	data	implic	bax	and	caspase-3	as	death	effector	in	neurodegen	pathways.
1301190	novel	tay-sach	diseas	mutat	from	china.	We	describ	three	hexa	mutat	associ	with	infantil	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	in	three	unrel	nonconsanguin	chines	families.	novel	mutat	were	found	in	two	of	these	families.	the	third	is	a	previous	report	mutat	(g--	>	A	transit	at	nt	1444)	(nakano	et	al.,	1988).	direct	sequenc	of	pcr	product	identifi	a	novel	insert	of	an	A	after	nt	547	in	famili	1.	thi	chang	gener	an	earli	termin	codon	6	bp	downstream	from	the	insert	site.	allele-specif	oligonucleotid	hybrid	confirm	homozygos	in	the	proband.	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	and	direct	sequenc	of	amplifi	exon	13	reveal	a	t--	>	C	transit	at	nt	1453	with	the	correspond	amino	acid	substitut	w485r	in	the	second	family.	thi	mutat	creat	an	fnu4hi	restrict	site.	the	proband	is	homozyg	for	thi	allele.	when	the	site-specif	mutagen	alpha	cdna	carri	the	t--	>	C	transit	at	nt	1453	wa	express	in	co	1	cell	hexosaminidas	S	activ	wa	not	detect	abov	background.	A	g--	>	A	transit	at	nt	1444	(exon	13)	correspond	to	the	e482k	substitut	wa	found	in	the	third	family.	thi	mutat	occur	at	a	cpg	dinucleotide.	It	ha	been	report	in	an	italian	tsd	proband	and	caus	defect	intracellular	transport	of	the	alpha-subunit	from	the	rough	endoplasm	reticulum	to	the	golgi	apparatu
3348216	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	defici	and	incid	of	hematolog	malignancy.	We	have	evalu	the	hypothesi	of	a	neg	associ	between	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	and	cancer	in	a	cohort	of	481	sardinian	male	with	hematolog	malignancies.	the	frequenc	of	g6pd	defici	in	the	patient	wa	not	differ	from	the	incid	in	a	group	of	16,	219	controls.	the	same	conclus	result	from	the	comparison	of	the	frequenc	of	express	of	the	gdb	gene	in	23	heterozyg	women	have	a	clonal	hematolog	diseas	and	a	control	group	of	37	healthi	heterozygotes.	therefor	at	present	there	is	no	evid	that	g6pd	defici	ha	a	protect	effect	against	develop	of	hematolog	neoplasms.
7951316	A	physic	map	and	candid	gene	in	the	brca1	region	on	chromosom	17q12-21.	We	have	construct	a	physic	map	of	a	4	cM	region	on	chromosom	17q12-21	that	contain	the	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	gene	brca1.	the	map	compris	a	contig	of	137	overlap	yeast	artifici	chromosom	and	P1	clones,	onto	which	we	have	place	112	pcr	markers.	We	have	local	more	than	20	gene	on	thi	map,	ten	of	which	had	not	been	map	to	the	region	previously,	and	have	isol	30	cdna	clone	repres	partial	sequenc	of	as	yet	unidentifi	genes.	two	gene	that	lie	within	a	narrow	region	defin	by	meiotic	breakpoint	in	brca1	patient	have	been	sequenc	in	breast	cancer	patient	without	reveal	ani	deleteri	mutations.	these	new	reagent	should	facilit	the	identif	of	brca1.
10404839	sulfat	transport	is	not	impair	in	pendr	syndrom	thyrocytes.	pendr	syndrom	is	the	most	common	form	of	syndrom	deafness,	character	by	dyshormonogen	goiter	associ	with	sensory-neur	deafness.	the	gene	respons	for	the	diseas	(pds)	ha	been	cloned,	but	it	function	is	as	yet	unknown	and	the	connect	between	thyroid	goiter	and	sensory-neur	deaf	remain	an	enigma.	pd	code	for	a	novel	protein,	pendrin,	which	is	close	relat	to	a	number	of	sufat	transporters.	mechan	by	which	abnorm	sulfat	transport	could	deleteri	affect	iodid	organif	have	been	proposed.	We	test	sulfat	transport	in	thyrocyt	obtain	from	pendr	syndrom	patient	and	found	that	it	wa	not	defective.	thi	suggest	that	pendrin	in	fact	may	not	be	a	sulfat	transporter,	and	emphas	the	import	of	function	studi	on	thi	novel	protein.
10430841	spinal	xanthomatosis:	a	variant	of	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosis.	We	describ	seven	dutch	patient	from	six	famili	with	a	slowli	progressive,	mainli	spinal	cord	syndrom	that	remain	for	mani	year	the	sole	express	of	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx).	mri	demonstr	white	matter	abnorm	in	the	later	and	dorsal	column	of	the	spinal	cord.	post-mortem	examin	of	one	of	the	patient	show	extens	myelin	loss	in	these	columns.	An	array	of	genotyp	wa	found	in	these	patients.	We	conclud	that	spinal	xanthomatosi	is	a	clinic	and	radiolog	separ	entiti	of	ctx	that	should	be	includ	in	the	differenti	diagnosi	of	chronic	myelopathy.
10827109	the	exon	13	duplic	in	the	brca1	gene	is	a	founder	mutat	present	in	geograph	divers	populations.	the	brca1	exon	13	duplic	screen	group.	recently,	a	6-kb	duplic	of	exon	13,	which	creat	a	frameshift	in	the	code	sequenc	of	the	brca1	gene,	ha	been	describ	in	three	unrel	U.	S	S.	famili	of	european	ancestri	and	in	one	portugues	family.	here,	our	goal	wa	to	estim	the	frequenc	and	geograph	divers	of	carrier	of	thi	duplication.	To	do	this,	a	collabor	screen	studi	wa	set	up	that	involv	39	institut	from	19	countri	and	includ	3,	580	unrel	individu	with	a	famili	histori	of	the	diseas	and	934	early-onset	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	cases.	A	total	of	11	addit	famili	carri	thi	mutat	were	identifi	in	australia	(1),	belgium	(1),	canada	(1),	great	britain	(6),	and	the	unit	state	(2).	haplotyp	show	that	they	are	like	to	deriv	from	a	common	ancestor,	possibl	of	northern	british	origin.	our	result	demonstr	that	it	is	strongli	advisable,	for	laboratori	carri	out	screen	either	in	english-speak	countri	or	in	countri	with	histor	link	with	britain,	to	includ	within	their	brca1	screen	protocol	the	polymeras	chain	reaction-bas	assay	describ	in	thi	report
7493024	germlin	mutat	of	the	brca1	gene	in	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	famili	provid	evid	for	a	genotype-phenotyp	correlation.	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene,	discov	in	1994,	are	associ	with	an	80-90%	lifetim	risk	of	breast	cancer.	We	have	analys	60	famili	with	a	histori	of	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	for	germlin	mutat	in	brca1.	twenty-two	differ	mutat	were	detect	in	32	famili	(53%),	of	which	14	are	previous	unreported.	We	observ	a	signific	correl	between	the	locat	of	the	mutat	in	the	gene	and	the	ratio	of	breast	to	ovarian	cancer	incid	within	each	family.	our	data	suggest	a	transit	in	risk	such	that	mutat	in	the	3	third	of	the	gene	are	associ	with	a	lower	proport	of	ovarian	cancer.	haplotyp	analysi	support	previou	data	which	suggest	some	brca1	mutat	carrier	have	common	ancestors;	however,	we	have	found	at	least	two	exampl	where	recurr	mutat	appear	to	have	arisen	independently.
10767347	inactiv	of	the	friedreich	ataxia	mous	gene	lead	to	earli	embryon	lethal	without	iron	accumulation.	friedreich	ataxia	(frda),	the	most	common	autosom	recess	ataxia,	is	caus	in	almost	all	case	by	homozyg	intron	expans	result	in	the	loss	of	frataxin,	a	mitochondri	protein	conserv	through	evolution,	and	involv	in	mitochondri	iron	homeostasis.	yeast	knockout	models,	and	histolog	and	biochem	data	from	patient	heart	biopsi	or	autopsi	indic	that	the	frataxin	defect	caus	a	specif	iron-sulfur	protein	defici	and	mitochondri	iron	accumul	lead	to	the	patholog	changes.	affect	human	tissu	are	rare	avail	to	further	examin	thi	hypothesis.	To	studi	the	mechan	of	the	disease,	we	gener	a	mous	model	by	delet	of	exon	4	lead	to	inactiv	of	the	frda	gene	product.	We	show	that	homozyg	delet	caus	embryon	lethal	a	few	day	after	implantation,	demonstr	an	import	role	for	frataxin	dure	earli	development.	these	result	suggest	that	the	milder	phenotyp	in	human	is	due	to	residu	frataxin	express	associ	with	the	expans	mutations.	surprisingly,	in	the	frataxin	knockout	mouse,	no	iron	accumul	wa	observ	dure	embryon	resorption,	suggest	that	cell	death	could	be	due	to	a	mechan	independ	of	iron	accumulation.
1301189	A	glycine250-->	aspart	substitut	in	the	alpha-subunit	of	hexosaminidas	A	caus	juvenile-onset	tay-sach	diseas	in	a	lebanese-canadian	family.	the	mutat	caus	juvenil	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	in	two	sib	of	lebanese-maronit	origin	is	described.	An	mrna-contain	extract	of	cultur	fibroblast	obtain	from	one	of	the	proband	wa	use	as	a	templat	to	amplifi	the	code	sequenc	of	the	hexosaminidas	A	(hex	A)	alpha-subunit.	sequenc	of	amplifi	cdna	fragment	reveal	a	singl	alteration,	guanin	to	adenin	at	nt	749	creat	a	g250d	mutation.	the	mutat	introduc	a	new	recognit	site	for	the	restrict	enzym	eco	rv,	permit	identif	of	heterozygot	for	thi	allel	follow	pcr	amplif	and	eco	RV	digest	of	exon	7	sequenc	from	genom	dna	templates.	In	order	to	test	the	effect	of	thi	substitution,	an	in	vitro	mutagen	cdna	construct	wa	introduc	into	a	mammalian	express	vector	and	transfect	into	monkey	cos-1	cell	separ	or	along	with	a	beta-cdna	express	vector.	when	the	mutant	alpha-cdna	wa	the	onli	gene	introduc	into	co	cell	no	enzymat	activ	abov	endogen	co	cell	activ	wa	detected.	cotransfect	of	normal	alpha-cdna	and	beta-cdna	follow	by	immunoprecipit	of	human	hex	A	result	in	20-fold	increas	in	the	ratio	between	posit	and	neg	(mock	transfection)	control	values.	thi	allow	the	detect	of	some	residu	activ	(12%	of	the	posit	control)	when	the	mutant	alpha-cdna	replac	it	wild-typ	counterpart.	the	predict	protein	environ	in	which	the	mutat	occur	is	compar	to	that	of	the	adult-onset	tay-sach	diseas	mutat	caus	by	a	gly269--	>	ser	substitut	in	exon	7.	(abstract	truncat	AT	250	words)
8252631	restrict	of	ocular	fundu	lesion	to	a	specif	subgroup	of	apc	mutat	in	adenomat	polyposi	coli	patients.	In	humans,	alter	of	the	tumor	suppressor	gene,	apc,	caus	adenomat	polyposi	coli,	a	condit	caus	predisposit	to	colorect	cancer.	the	syndrom	inconsist	associ	characterist	patch	of	congenit	hypertrophi	of	the	retin	pigment	epithelium	(chrpe).	ocular	examin	reveal	that	patient	express	chrpe	tend	to	cluster	within	specif	families.	the	exact	apc	mutat	wa	identifi	in	42	unrel	patients.	In	all	case	these	mutat	were	predict	to	lead	to	the	synthesi	of	a	truncat	protein.	the	extent	of	chrpe	wa	found	to	be	depend	on	the	posit	of	the	mutat	along	the	code	sequence.	chrpe	lesion	are	almost	alway	absent	if	the	mutat	occur	befor	exon	9,	but	are	systemat	present	if	it	occur	after	thi	exon.	thus,	the	rang	of	phenotyp	express	observ	among	affect	patient	may	result	in	part	from	differ	allel	manifest	of	apc	mutations.
7759076	linkag	analysi	of	26	canadian	breast	and	breast-ovarian	cancer	families.	We	have	examin	26	canadian	famili	with	hereditari	breast	or	ovarian	cancer	for	linkag	to	marker	flank	the	brca1	gene	on	chromosom	17q12-q21.	Of	the	15	famili	that	contain	case	of	ovarian	cancer,	94%	were	estim	to	be	link	to	brca1.	In	contrast,	there	wa	no	overal	evid	of	linkag	in	the	group	of	10	famili	with	breast	cancer	without	ovarian	cancer.	A	genet	recombin	in	a	breast-ovarian	cancer	famili	indic	a	placement	of	brca1	telomer	to	d17s776,	and	help	to	defin	the	region	of	assign	of	the	cancer	suscept	gene.	other	cancer	of	interest	that	appear	in	the	brca1-link	famili	includ	primari	periton	cancer,	cancer	of	the	fallopian	tube,	and	malign	melanoma.
1248000	malign	neoplasm	in	the	famili	of	patient	with	ataxia-telangiectasia.	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	is	an	autosom	recess	syndrom	associ	with	a	greatli	increas	incid	of	malign	neoplasm	in	homozyg	affect	individuals.	heterozygot	for	the	gene	for	a-t	are	thought	to	compris	about	1%	of	the	gener	popul	and,	therefore,	it	is	import	to	know	whether	thi	gene	also	predispos	the	heterozyg	carrier	to	cancers.	heterozyg	carrier	of	thi	gene	are	common	among	the	close	rel	of	patient	with	a-t,	although	individu	carrier	cannot	be	identifi	by	ani	clinic	criterion	or	laboratori	test.	for	thi	reason,	we	compar	the	incid	of	death	from	malign	neoplasm	in	2	famili	of	patient	with	a-t	to	that	expect	in	a	random	sampl	of	the	gener	population.	there	were	59	death	from	malign	neoplasm	in	rel	die	befor	age	75,	compar	to	42.	6	expect	(p	less	than	0.	02).	for	a-t	heterozygot	younger	than	age	45,	the	risk	of	die	from	a	malign	neoplasm	wa	estim	to	be	greater	than	5	time	the	risk	for	the	gener	population.	a-t	heterozygot	may	compris	more	than	5%	of	all	person	die	from	a	cancer	befor	age	45.	the	incid	of	ovarian,	gastric,	and	biliari	system	carcinoma	and	of	leukemia	and	lymphoma	wa	increas	in	these	a-t	families.	other	neoplasm	that	may	be	associ	with	thi	gene	in	heterozygot	includ	pancreatic,	basal	cell,	colonic,	breast,	and	cervic	carcinoma
2309142	molecular	genet	of	pku	in	eastern	europe:	a	nonsens	mutat	associ	with	haplotyp	4	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	a	genet	disord	secondari	to	a	defici	of	hepat	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	sever	mutat	in	the	pah	gene	have	recent	been	reported,	and	linkag	disequilibrium	wa	observ	between	rflp	haplotyp	and	specif	mutations.	A	new	molecular	lesion	ha	been	identifi	in	exon	7	of	the	pah	gene	in	a	hungarian	pku	patient	by	direct	sequenc	of	pcr-amplifi	dna.	the	c-to-t	transit	caus	the	substitut	of	arg243	to	a	termin	codon,	and	the	mutant	allel	is	associ	with	haplotyp	4	of	the	pah	gene.	the	mutat	is	present	in	two	of	nine	mutant	haplotyp	4	allel	among	eastern	european	and	is	not	present	among	western	european	and	asians.	the	rariti	of	thi	mutant	allel	and	it	restrict	geograph	distribut	suggest	that	the	mutat	event	occur	recent	on	a	normal	haplotyp	4	background	in	eastern	europe.
8575748	isol	of	the	mous	homologu	of	brca1	and	genet	map	to	mous	chromosom	11.	the	brca1	gene	is	in	larg	part	respons	for	hereditari	human	breast	and	ovarian	cancer.	here	we	report	the	isol	of	the	murin	brca1	homologu	cdna	clones.	In	addition,	we	identifi	genom	P1	clone	that	contain	most,	if	not	all,	of	the	mous	brca1	locus.	dna	sequenc	analysi	reveal	that	the	mous	and	human	code	region	are	75%	ident	at	the	nucleotid	level	while	the	predict	amino	acid	ident	is	onli	58%.	A	dna	sequenc	variant	in	the	brca1	locu	wa	identifi	and	use	to	map	thi	gene	on	a	(mu	m.	musculu	czech	II	x	c57bl/ksj)	F1	x	c57bl/ksj	intersubspecif	backcross	to	distal	mous	chromosom	11.	the	map	of	thi	gene	to	a	region	highli	synten	with	human	chromosom	17,	coupl	with	southern	and	northern	analyses,	confirm	that	we	isol	the	murin	brca1	homologu	rather	than	a	relat	ring	finger	gene.	the	isol	of	the	mous	brca1	homologu	will	facilit	the	creation	of	mous	model	for	germlin	brca1	defects.
6783144	human	defici	of	the	sixth	compon	of	complement	in	a	patient	with	meningococc	mening	and	no	haemostasi	abnormality.	A	case	of	human	complet	C6	defici	is	reported.	the	patient,	a	31	year	old	white	male,	wa	seen	on	the	occas	of	an	isol	episod	of	meningococc	meningitis.	serum	complement	hemolyt	and	bactericid	activ	were	lack	and	could	be	restor	to	normal	by	addit	of	appropri	amount	of	purifi	c6.	No	hemostat	abnorm	were	observed.
1346773	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome:	refin	of	the	local	on	Xp	and	identif	of	anoth	close	link	marker	locus,	oatl1.	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	ha	previous	been	map	to	the	proxim	short	arm	of	the	X	chromosom	between	the	dxs14	and	dxs7	loci.	In	thi	study,	further	segreg	analysi	ha	been	perform	use	a	newli	identifi	wa	famili	as	well	as	an	addit	marker	probe,	hoatl1.	the	result	indic	close	linkag	between	the	wa	and	oatl1	loci	(Z	=	6.	08	at	theta	=	0.	00)	and	local	the	timp,	oatl1,	dxs255,	and	wa	loci	distal	to	dxs146	and	the	oatl1	and	wa	loci	proxim	to	timp.	these	linkag	data	narrow	the	boundari	within	which	the	wa	locu	map	to	the	chromosom	region	bracket	by	timp	and	dxs146	and	support	the	loci	order	xpter-dxs7-timp-	(oatl1,	was,	dxs255)	-dxs146
318684	hereditari	defici	of	the	third	compon	of	complement	in	a	child	with	fever,	skin	rash,	and	arthralgias:	respons	to	transfus	of	whole	blood.	A	previous	well	34-month-old	male	present	with	fever,	skin	rash,	and	arthralgia	wa	found	to	lack	C3	by	immunochem	(undetectable)	and	hemolyt	(1%	normal)	assays.	No	infecti	agent	could	be	demonstrated.	protein	level	of	clq.	c4,	c5,	properdin,	and	c3b-ina	and	hemolyt	activ	of	complement	compon	C1	to	C9	except	C3	were	normal	or	elevated;	total	hemolyt	complement	activ	wa	13%	of	normal	and	wa	reconstitut	by	purifi	c3.	properdin	factor	B	wa	702	(normal	175	to	275)	mug/ml,	and	wa	not	cleaver	upon	addit	of	zymosan	or	cobra	venom	factor.	the	serum	had	normal	immun	adher	activity,	but	wa	defici	in	abil	to	opson	candida	albican	for	uptak	and	escherichia	coli	for	kill	by	neurophils,	gener	neutrophil	chemotact	factor	and	inhibit	the	growth	of	E.	coli;	these	activ	were	restor	by	purifi	c3.	A	transfus	of	320	ml	1-hour-old	normal	whole	blood	on	the	fifty-second	day	result	in	transitori	elev	of	the	C3	level	to	25	mg/dl	with	a	fall-off	(approxim	2	1/2%	per	hour)	to	undetect	level	by	69	hours;	it	wa	follow	by	disappear	of	the	skin	rash	and	arthralgia	and	return	to	normal	of	the	previous	elev	temperatur	and	crp	levels.	C3	level	in	famili	member	(seven	of	24	half-normal),	lack	of	anti-c3	activity,	normal	c3b-ina	level	and	a	normal	rate	of	catabol	of	transfus	C3	indic	that	the	defici	wa	inherit	with	autosom	codomin	and	involv	decreas	synthesi	of	c3.	thus,	thi	child	is	a	uniqu	individu	with	inherit	C3	defici	present	with	absenc	of	repeat	infections,	whose	symptom	of	fever,	skin	rash,	and	arthralgia	were	abat	by	whole	blood	transfusion.
2544995	clone	of	breakpoint	of	a	chromosom	transloc	identifi	the	an2	locus.	chromosom	transloc	involv	11p13	have	been	associ	with	famili	aniridia	in	two	kindr	highlight	the	chromosom	local	of	the	an2	locus.	thi	locu	is	also	part	of	the	wagr	complex	(wilm	tumor,	aniridia,	genitourinari	abnormalities,	and	mental	retardation).	In	one	kindred,	the	transloc	is	associ	with	a	deletion,	and	probe	for	thi	region	were	use	to	identifi	and	clone	the	breakpoint	of	the	transloc	in	the	second	kindred.	comparison	of	phage	restrict	map	exclud	the	presenc	of	ani	sizabl	delet	in	thi	case.	sequenc	at	the	chromosom	11	breakpoint	are	conserv	in	multipl	species,	suggest	that	the	transloc	fall	within	the	an2	gene.
10923035	studi	of	the	voltage-g	sodium	channel	beta	1	subunit	gene	(scn1b)	in	the	benign	famili	infantil	convuls	syndrom	(bfic).	benign	famili	infantil	convuls	(bfic)	is	a	rare	autosom	domin	epilepsi	syndrome.	thi	syndrom	ha	been	recent	describ	in	italian	and	french	pedigrees.	patient	present	with	partial,	then	gener	seizures,	with	onset	at	age	three	months.	the	seizur	usual	spontan	ceas	after	one	year	without	treatment,	leav	no	neurolog	abnormalities.	We	have	map	bfic	to	chromosom	19q	in	five	italian	pedigrees.	the	sodium	channel	beta1	subunit	gene	(scn1b)	map	to	thi	candid	region	and	ha	been	shown	to	be	involv	in	one	australian	pedigre	with	gener	epilepsi	and	febril	seizur	"	plu	"	(gef	+).	In	thi	family,	a	missens	mutat	in	scn1b	cosegreg	with	the	gef	+	phenotype.	bfic	and	gef	+	have	clinic	featur	in	common,	therefor	scn1b	is	a	candid	gene	for	bfic.	We	studi	scn1b	exon	1,	2,	3,	4,	and	5,	use	four	sscp	method	in	10	caucasian	bfic	proband	of	western	europe.	We	found	no	exon	variants.	one	variant	wa	identifi	in	intron	5	(ivs5-10c	>	g),	which	did	not	segreg	with	bfic	and	wa	observ	in	9.	2%	controls.	A	second	variant	in	intron	5	wa	identifi	(ivs5	+	30g	>	a).	It	wa	rare,	as	not	observ	in	controls,	but	not	segreg	with	the	bfic	phenotyp
7696601	brain	diseas	and	molecular	analysi	in	myoton	dystrophy.	abnorm	amplif	of	a	ctg	repeat	on	chromosom	19	is	the	molecular	basi	of	myoton	dystrophi	(dm).	expans	of	the	repeat	ha	been	correl	with	sever	of	sever	clinic	featur	of	the	disease.	We	perform	extens	cognit	testing,	cerebr	magnet	reson	imag	(mri)	and	a	molecular	analysi	in	28	case	of	DM	to	determin	the	relationship	between	the	molecular	defect	and	brain	disease.	perform	in	two	or	more	cognit	test	wa	patholog	in	10	cases.	fourteen	patient	had	subcort	white	matter	lesion	on	mri,	14	had	cerebr	atrophy.	amplif	of	the	ctg	repeat	show	a	strong	correl	with	cognit	test	deficit	when	exceed	a	length	of	over	1000	trinucleotides.	mri	lesion	were	associ	with	impair	psychometr	performance,	but	mri	and	molecular	find	were	onli	weakli	related.	diseas	durat	influenc	the	appear	and	amount	of	white	matter	lesion	on	mri.	quantif	of	ctg	repeat	size	may	allow	an	earli	estim	on	the	probabl	of	brain	involv	in	dm;	cognit	dysfunct	is	associ	with	white	matter	lesion	and	cerebr	atrophi	later	on	in	the	course.
10528853	A	highli	accurate,	low	cost	test	for	brca1	mutations.	the	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	syndrom	is	associ	with	a	high	frequenc	of	brca1	mutations.	however,	the	widespread	use	of	brca1	test	ha	been	limit	to	date	by	three	princip	concern	the	fear	of	loss	of	health	and	life	insurance,	the	uncertain	clinic	valu	of	a	posit	test	result,	and	the	current	lack	of	an	inexpens	and	sensit	screen	test	for	brca1	mutations.	We	have	develop	an	inexpens	system	for	gene	mutat	scanning,	base	on	a	combin	of	extens	multiplex	pcr	amplif	and	two	dimension	electrophoresis.	the	effici	of	thi	system,	as	a	screen	test	for	brca1	mutations,	wa	evalu	in	a	panel	of	60	sampl	from	high	risk	women,	14	of	which	contain	a	previous	identifi	mutat	in	brca1.	all	14	mutat	were	identified,	as	well	as	an	addit	five	that	had	previous	escap	detection.	In	addit	to	the	19	mutations,	a	total	of	15	differ	polymorph	variant	were	scored,	most	of	which	were	recurring.	all	were	confirm	by	nucleotid	sequencing.	the	cost	of	screen	per	sampl	wa	calcul	to	be	approxim	US	$	70	for	the	manual	techniqu	use	in	thi	study,	and	may	be	reduc	to	approxim	US	$	10	with	the	introduct	of	commerci	avail	pcr	robot	and	fluoresc	imaging.	implement	of	thi	method	of	mutat	screen	in	the	research	and	clinic	set	should	permit	rapid	accrual	of	quantit	data	on	genotype-phenotyp	associ	for	the	evalu	of	diagnost	testing.
10083733	germlin	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	in	korean	famili	adenomat	polyposi	patients.	We	extens	analyz	genom	dna	and	messeng	rna	(mrna)	from	62	unrel	korean	patient	with	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	for	identif	of	germlin	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	mutations.	We	adopt	both	single-strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	analysi	and	a	method	of	analysi	involv	the	revers	transcription-polymeras	chain	reaction	(rt-pcr)	follow	by	a	protein	truncat	test	(ptt).	dna	sequenc	confirm	all	alter	repres	by	aberr	bands.	germlin	mutat	were	identifi	in	38	patient	(61%).	nineteen	of	the	detect	mutat	were	presum	to	be	novel,	thu	emphas	the	heterogen	of	the	mutat	spectrum	in	korean	fap	patients.	In	the	initi	48	patients,	sscp	analysi	wa	follow	by	ptt	for	those	patient	for	whom	no	detect	mutat	were	found	by	sscp.	use	thi	combin	approach,	we	identifi	germlin	apc	gene	mutat	in	29	of	the	48	fap	patient	(60%),	includ	6	patient	in	whom	sscp	analysi	fail	to	distinguish	the	mutant	allele.	In	the	14	later	patients,	we	identifi	truncat	mutat	in	9	patient	(64%)	use	ptt	only.	our	result	confirm	that	the	mutat	detect	rate	with	ptt	wa	superior	to	that	with	sscp,	and	suggest	that	ptt	would	be	a	more	practic	screen	method	to	detect	germlin	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	in	fap	patient
10842298	homozygos	map	in	a	famili	with	microcephaly,	mental	retardation,	and	short	statur	to	a	cohen	syndrom	region	on	8q21.3-8q22.1:	redefin	a	clinic	entity.	A	syndrom	of	microcephaly,	progress	postnat	growth	deficiency,	and	mental	retard	wa	observ	in	two	brother	and	their	cousin	from	a	multipli	consanguin	kindr	of	lebanes	descent.	hypotonia,	chorioretin	dystrophy,	and	myopia	were	also	identified.	the	sever	of	the	condit	vari	among	the	close	relat	patients.	becaus	of	absenc	of	a	distinct	facial	appearance,	the	degre	of	mental	retardation,	and	short	stature,	the	initi	consid	clinic	diagnosi	of	cohen	syndrom	wa	withdrawn	and	a	novel	genet	entiti	wa	assumed.	homozygos	map	in	thi	famili	assign	the	gene	to	a	26.	8-cm	region	on	the	chromosom	band	8q21.	3	-22.	1,	between	the	microsatellit	at	d8s270	and	d8s514.	the	maximum	two-point	lod	score	wa	found	for	marker	at	d8s267	(zmax	=	3..	237	at	omax	=	0.	00).	intriguingli	enough,	the	identifi	gene	region	overlap	the	refin	gene	region	for	cohen	syndrom	(coh1)	[kolehmainen	et	al.,	1997	euro	J	hum	genet	5	206-213].	thi	fact	encourag	the	hypothesi	that	the	describ	kindr	segreg	for	a	variant	of	cohen	syndrom	and	suggest	a	redefinit	of	it	phenotyp
2835825	spontan	revers	of	novel	lesch-nyhan	mutat	by	hprt	gene	rearrangement.	molecular	analysi	of	an	unusu	patient	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	ha	suggest	that	the	mutat	is	due	to	a	partial	hprt	gene	duplication.	We	now	report	the	clone	and	sequenc	of	the	mutant	hprt	cdna	which	show	the	precis	duplic	of	exon	2	and	3.	thi	mutat	is	the	result	of	an	intern	duplic	of	16-20	kilobas	of	the	gene.	the	structur	of	the	mutant	gene	suggest	that	the	duplic	wa	not	gener	by	a	singl	unequ	crossing-ov	event	between	two	normal	hprt	alleles.	growth	of	epstein-barr	virus-transform	lymphoblast	from	thi	patient	in	select	medium	ha	permit	isol	of	spontan	hprt	+	revert	of	thi	mutation.	the	revers	event	involv	a	second	major	hprt	gene	rearrang	where	most	or	all	of	the	duplic	portion	of	the	mutant	gene	is	deleted.	the	origin	mutat	therefor	ha	the	potenti	for	spontan	somat	reversion.	thi	may	explain	the	rel	mild	symptom	of	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	exhibit	by	thi	patient.
7422429	nephropathi	in	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome.	nephropathi	wa	detect	in	five	of	32	patient	with	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	who	were	particip	in	a	studi	of	transfer	factor	(tf)	therapy.	In	two	patients,	nephropathi	wa	present	befor	TF	and	did	not	appear	chang	by	TF	therapy.	one	of	these	patient	subsequ	develop	progress	renal	failur	requir	dialysi	begin	5	1/2	year	after	TF	therapy.	In	two	patients,	decreas	renal	function	appear	veri	soon	after	the	administr	of	tf.	one	patient	show	gradual	decreas	renal	function	begin	after	two	year	of	TF	therapy.	An	addit	patient	wa	identifi	who	die	with	renal	failur	without	have	receiv	tf.	the	result	suggest	that	renal	failur	occur	in	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	more	frequent	than	gener	recogn	and	that	administr	of	TF	may	precipit	or	acceler	the	renal	diseas	in	patient	with	thi	syndrome.
7795596	aniridia-associ	cytogenet	rearrang	suggest	that	a	posit	effect	may	caus	the	mutant	phenotype.	current	evid	suggest	that	aniridia	(absenc	of	iris)	is	caus	by	loss	of	function	of	one	copi	of	the	pax6	gene,	which	map	to	11p13.	We	present	the	further	characteris	of	two	aniridia	pedigre	in	which	the	diseas	segreg	with	chromosom	rearrang	which	involv	11p13	but	do	not	disrupt	the	pax6	gene.	We	have	isol	three	human	yac	clone	which	encompass	the	pax6	locu	and	we	have	use	these	to	show	that	in	both	case	the	chromosom	breakpoint	is	at	least	85	kb	distal	of	the	3	end	of	pax6.	In	addition,	the	open	read	frame	of	pax6	is	appar	free	of	mutations.	We	propos	that	the	pax6	gene	on	the	rearrang	chromosom	11	is	in	an	inappropri	chromatin	environ	for	normal	express	and	therefor	that	a	posit	effect	is	the	underli	mechan	of	diseas	in	these	families.
7962532	genet	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	defici	caus	by	two	preval	mutat	as	a	major	determin	of	increas	level	of	high	densiti	lipoprotein	cholesterol.	genet	determin	of	hdl	cholesterol	(hdl-c)	level	in	the	gener	popul	are	poorli	understood.	We	previous	describ	plasma	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	(cetp)	defici	due	to	an	intron	14	G	(+	1)	-to-a	mutat	(int14	A)	in	sever	famili	with	veri	high	hdl-c	level	in	japan.	subject	with	hdl-c	>	or	=	100	mg/dl	(n	=	130)	were	screen	by	pcr	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	of	the	cetp	gene.	two	other	mutat	were	identifi	by	dna	sequenc	or	primer-medi	restrict	map	modif	of	pcr	product	a	novel	intron	14	splice	donor	site	mutat	caus	by	a	T	insert	at	posit	+	3	from	the	exon14/intron14	boundari	(int14	T)	and	a	missens	mutat	(asp442	to	gly)	within	exon	15	(d442g).	the	int14	T	mutat	wa	onli	found	in	one	family.	however,	the	d442g	and	int14	A	mutat	were	highli	preval	in	subject	with	hdl-c	>	or	=	60	mg/dl,	with	combin	allel	frequenc	of	9%,	12%,	21%	and	43%	for	hdl-c	60-79,	80-99,	100-119,	and	>	or	=	120	mg/dl,	respectively.	furthermore,	preval	of	the	d442g	and	int14	A	mutat	were	extrem	high	in	a	gener	sampl	of	japanes	men	(n	=	236),	with	heterozygot	frequenc	of	7%	and	2%,	respectively.	these	two	mutat	account	for	about	10%	of	the	total	varianc	of	hdl-c	in	thi	population.	the	phenotyp	in	a	genet	compound	heterozygot	(int14	T	and	int14	A)	wa	similar	to	that	of	int14	A	homozygot	(no	detect	cetp	and	markedli	increas	hdl-c),	indic	that	the	int14	T	produc	a	null	allele.	In	four	d442g	homozygotes,	mean	hdl-c	level	(86	+/-	26	mg/dl)	were	lower	than	in	int14	A	homozygot	(158	+/-	35	mg/dl),	reflect	residu	cetp	activ	in	plasma.	In	47	d442g	heterozygotes,	mean	hdl-c	level	were	91	+/-	23	mg/dl,	similar	to	the	level	in	d442g	homozygotes,	and	significantli	greater	than	mean	hdl-c	level	in	int14	A	heterozygot	(69	+/-	15	mg/dl).	thus,	the	d442g	mutat	act	differ	to	the	null	mutat	with	weaker	effect	on	hdl	in	the	homozyg	state	and	stronger	effect	in	the	heterozygotes,	suggest	domin	express	of	a	partial	defect	allele.	cetp	deficiency,	reflect	two	preval	mutat	(d442g	and	int14	a),	is	the	first	exampl	of	a	genet	defici	state	which	is	suffici	common	to	explain	a	signific	fraction	of	the	variat	in	hdl-c	in	the	gener	population.
3377761	x-link	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	defici	in	mu	musculus.	A	mous	with	x-link	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	ha	been	recov	in	offspr	of	1-ethyl-1-nitrosourea-tr	male	mice.	the	activ	alter	wa	detect	in	blood	but	can	also	be	observ	in	other	tissu	extracts.	hemizygous,	heterozygous,	and	homozyg	mutant	have,	respectively,	about	15,	60,	and	15%	g6pd	remain	activ	in	the	blood	as	compar	to	the	wild	type.	erythrocyt	indic	did	not	show	differ	between	mutant	and	wild	types.	the	mutat	doe	not	affect	the	electrophoret	migration,	the	isoelectr	point,	or	the	thermal	stability.	kinet	properties,	such	as	the	Km	for	glucose-6-phosph	or	for	nadp	and	the	rel	util	of	substrat	analogues,	show	no	differ	between	wild	type	and	mutant	with	the	except	of	the	rel	util	of	deamino-nadp	which	wa	significantli	lower	in	mutants.	thi	is	present	the	onli	anim	model	for	x-link	g6pd	defici	in	humans.
10798358	human	glycin	decarboxylas	gene	(gldc)	and	it	highli	conserv	process	pseudogen	(psigldc):	their	structur	and	expression,	and	the	identif	of	a	larg	delet	in	a	famili	with	nonketot	hyperglycinemia.	mutat	in	the	glycin	decarboxylas	gene	(gldc)	caus	nonketot	hyperglycinemia	(nkh),	an	in-born	error	of	metabol	character	by	sever	neurolog	disturbance.	We	have	determin	the	structur	of	gldc	and	of	it	pseudogen	(psigldc)	and	studi	their	express	for	a	molecular	analysi	of	nkh.	the	gldc	gene	span	at	least	135	kb	and	consist	of	25	exons.	all	donor	and	acceptor	site	adher	to	the	canon	gt-ag	rule,	except	for	the	donor	site	of	intron	21,	where	a	variant	form	GC	is	use	instead	of	gt.	the	transcript	initi	site	ha	been	assign	to	a	residu	163	bp	upstream	from	the	translat	initi	triplet	by	primer	extens	analysis.	the	psigldc	gene	ha	no	intron	and	share	97.	5%	homolog	with	the	code	region	of	function	gldc,	suggest	that	psigldc	is	a	process	pseudogen	that	aros	from	the	gldc	transcript	about	4-8	million	year	ago.	rna	blot	analysi	ha	reveal	that	gldc	is	express	in	human	liver,	kidney,	brain,	and	placenta.	We	have	also	examin	a	patient	with	nkh	with	no	detect	gldc	mrna	in	hi	lymphoblasts.	exon	1-3	of	the	function	gldc	gene	from	thi	patient	are	not	amplifi	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr),	wherea	those	from	control	subject	are.	these	result	suggest	a	larg	homozyg	delet	(at	least	30	kb)	in	the	patient.	furthermore,	we	have	devis	a	semi-quantit	pcr	to	estim	the	number	of	gldc	allel	by	use	psigldc	as	an	intern	control	and	have	confirm	the	homozygos	and	heterozygos	of	the	delet	in	the	patient	and	hi	parents,	respectively.	structur	inform	of	gldc	and	psigldc	should	facilit	the	molecular	analysi	of	nkh
8589721	growth	retard	and	tumour	inhibit	by	brca1.	inherit	mutat	in	brca1	predispos	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	but	the	role	of	brca1	in	sporad	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	ha	previous	been	elusive.	here,	we	show	that	retrovir	transfer	of	the	wild-typ	brca1	gene	inhibit	growth	in	vitro	of	all	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	cell	line	tested,	but	not	colon	or	lung	cancer	cell	or	fibroblasts.	mutant	brca1	ha	no	effect	on	growth	of	breast	cancer	cells;	ovarian	cancer	cell	growth	is	not	affect	by	brca1	mutat	in	the	5	portion	of	the	gene,	but	is	inhibit	by	3	brca1	mutations.	develop	of	mcf-7	tumour	in	nude	mice	is	inhibit	when	mcf-7	cell	are	transfect	with	wild-type,	but	not	mutant,	brca1.	most	importantly,	among	mice	with	establish	mcf-7	tumours,	periton	treatment	with	a	retrovir	vector	express	wild-typ	brca1	significantli	inhibit	tumour	growth	and	increas	survival.
126380	strike	preval	of	ankylos	spondyl	in	"healthy"	w27	posit	male	and	females.	ankylos	spondyl	is	diagnos	onc	or	twice	in	each	1000	male	and	one	tenth	as	frequent	in	females,	but	the	true	preval	is	unknown.	indentif	of	genet	marker,	hl-a	w27,	for	suscept	person	ha	provid	a	tool	facilit	epidemiolog	studi	and	allow	identif	of	"	control	"	popul	without	the	marker.	evalu	by	postal	questionnaires,	and	pelvic	radiographi	of	78	hl-a	27w-posit	blood	donor	select	from	a	group	of	appar	healthi	subject	reveal	14	who	satisfi	the	criteria	for	definit	ankylos	spondylitis.	the	preval	wa	similar	in	both	sexes.	one	hundr	and	twenty-six	w27-neg	control	match	for	race,	sex,	and	age	fail	to	yield	a	singl	case.	for	a	person	of	either	sex	with	hl-a	w27,	there	appear	to	be	about	a	20	per	cent	chanc	that	ankylos	spondyl	will	develop,	suggest	a	preval	of	10	to	15	per	thousand.	hitherto	accept	figur	may	underestim	the	frequenc	by	a	factor	of	10	to	20.
7663517	rapid	detect	of	brca1	mutat	by	the	protein	truncat	test.	more	than	75%	of	the	report	mutat	in	the	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	gene,	brca1,	result	in	truncat	proteins.	We	have	use	the	protein	truncat	test	(ptt)	to	screen	for	mutat	in	exon	11,	which	encod	61%	of	brca1.	In	45	patient	from	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	famili	we	found	six	novel	mutat	two	singl	nucleotid	insertions,	three	small	delet	(1-5	bp)	and	a	nonsens	mutat	identifi	two	unrel	families.	furthermore,	we	were	abl	to	amplifi	the	remain	code	region	by	rt-pcr	use	lymphocyt	rna.	combin	with	ptt,	we	detect	aberrantli	splice	product	affect	exon	5	and	6	in	one	of	two	brca1-link	famili	examined.	the	protein	truncat	test	promis	to	becom	a	valuabl	techniqu	in	detect	brca1	mutations.
1376553	new	variant	in	exon	3	of	the	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene	in	a	famili	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.	A	c--greater	than	G	transvers	ha	been	found	in	exon	3	of	the	plp	gene	of	affect	male	and	their	mother	in	a	singl	sibship	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(pmd).	the	transvers	should	not	result	in	an	amino	acid	chang	in	the	protein	but	it	doe	result	in	the	loss	of	a	haeiii	restrict	endonucleas	cleavag	site.	It	is	concord	with	the	diseas	in	thi	family.	one-hundred-ten	unrel	X	chromosom	are	neg	for	thi	mutation.	No	other	sequenc	defect	wa	found	in	the	plp	exon	of	the	affect	males.	the	caus	of	diseas	in	thi	famili	remain	unknown,	but	the	associ	between	thi	rare	mutat	and	pmd	is	intriguing.	the	mutat	can	serv	as	a	marker	for	follow	segreg	of	the	plp	gene.
7390473	variant	of	erythrocyt	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	in	bulgarian	populations.	ten	variant	of	erythrocyt	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	were	identifi	in	22	patient	with	g6pd	defici	from	three	district	of	bulgaria.	corinth-lik	and	fayoum-lik	variant	were	the	most	frequent;	mediterranean,	ohut	ii,	kilgore,	boston,	poznan,	and	panay	variant	and	two	new	variants,	petrich	and	gotz	delchev,	were	each	found	in	one	or	two	carriers.	No	correl	wa	reveal	between	clinic	and	biochem	polymorphism.
10381492	the	c282i	mutat	caus	hereditari	hemochromatosi	doe	not	produc	a	null	allele.	target	mutagenesi	wa	use	to	produc	two	mutat	in	the	murin	hemochromatosi	gene	(hfe)	locus.	the	first	mutat	delet	a	larg	portion	of	the	code	sequence,	gener	a	null	allele.	the	second	mutat	introduc	a	missens	mutat	(c282y)	into	the	hfe	locus,	but	otherwis	leav	the	gene	intact.	thi	mutat	is	ident	to	the	disease-caus	mutat	in	patient	with	hereditari	hemochromatosis.	mice	carri	each	of	the	two	mutat	were	bred	and	analyzed.	homozygos	for	either	mutat	result	in	postnat	iron	loading.	the	effect	of	the	null	mutat	are	more	sever	than	the	effect	of	the	c282i	mutation.	mice	heterozyg	for	either	mutat	accumul	more	iron	than	normal	controls.	interestingly,	although	liver	iron	store	are	greatli	increased,	splenic	iron	is	decreased.	We	conclud	that	the	c282i	mutat	doe	not	result	in	a	null	allele.
2209091	region	localis	of	the	friedreich	ataxia	locu	to	human	chromosom	9q13----q21.1.	We	have	previous	assign	the	friedreich	ataxia	locu	(frda)	to	chromosom	9;	the	current	maxim	lod	score	between	frda	and	mct112	(d9s15)	is	greater	than	50	at	a	recombin	fraction	of	theta	=	0.	the	physic	assign	of	the	locu	defin	by	mct112,	and	henc	frda,	ha	not	been	determined,	although	linkag	analysi	of	mct112	with	other	chromosom	9	marker	infer	a	locat	close	to	the	centromere.	We	have	use	in	situ	hybridis	with	mct112,	a	correspond	cosmid	mj1,	and	dr47	(d9s5),	coupl	with	map	studi	on	hybrid	cell	panels,	to	defin	more	precis	the	locat	of	the	diseas	locus.	the	in	situ	locat	of	all	three	probe	is	9q13----q21.	1,	distal	to	the	variabl	heterochromatin	region.	physic	assign	of	frda	will	allow	us	to	identifi	hybrid	cell	line	contain	the	mutat	gene
10470286	mxi1	mutat	in	human	neurofibrosarcomas.	mxi1	is	thought	to	neg	regul	myc	function	and	may	therefor	be	a	potenti	tumor	suppressor	gene.	littl	effort	ha	yet	been	made	to	find	alter	involv	thi	gene	in	human	solid	tumors.	We	screen	31	human	gastric	cancers,	7	esophag	cancers,	85	bone	and	soft	tissu	tumor	of	variou	types,	includ	4	neurofibrosarcomas.	We	also	examin	29	human	tumor	cell	line	consist	of	12	esophag	cancers,	7	glioma/glioblastoma	and	10	other	for	mxi1	mutat	in	exon	1,	2,	4	(hlh	domain),	5	and	6.	polymeras	chain	reaction-single-strand	conform	polymorph	(pcr-sscp)	and	subsequ	sequenc	reveal	three	distinct	polymorph	in	the	intron-exon	boundari	upstream	from	exon	6.	We	discov	a	missens	mutation,	gca	to	gta	(ala	54	val),	in	exon	2	in	a	neurofibrosarcoma	patient	(case	1),	two	missens	mutations,	aaa	to	caa	(li	118	gln)	and	gaa	to	gga	(glu	154	gly)	in	exon	5	of	anoth	neurofibrosarcoma	patient	(case	2),	and	3	amino	acid	substitutions,	gtg	to	gcg	(val	179	ala),	gtt	to	gct	(val	181	ala)	and	ttc	to	ctc	(phe	186	leu),	in	a	third	neurofibrosarcoma	patient	(case	3).	In	case	3,	loss	of	heterozygos	wa	also	demonstr	by	inform	(ttc)	3/(ttc)	2	polymorphism.	our	data	demonstr	that	mutat	occur	in	the	mxi1	gene	in	neurofibrosarcoma.	missens	mutat	in	the	function	domain	of	mxi1	in	these	case	may	be	involv	in	the	pathogenesi	of	neurofibrosarcoma.
7833921	molecular	basi	of	essenti	fructosuria:	molecular	clone	and	mutat	analysi	of	human	ketohexokinas	(fructokinase).	essenti	fructosuria	is	one	of	the	oldest	known	inborn	error	of	metabolism.	It	is	a	benign	condit	which	is	believ	to	result	from	defici	of	hepat	fructokinas	(ketohexokinase,	khk,	E.	C.	2.	7.	1.	3).	thi	enzym	catalys	the	first	step	of	metabol	of	dietari	fructose,	convers	of	fructos	to	fructose-1-phosphate.	despit	the	earli	recognit	of	thi	disorder,	the	primari	structur	of	human	khk	and	the	molecular	basi	of	essenti	fructosuria	have	not	been	previous	defined.	In	thi	report,	the	isol	and	sequenc	of	full-length	cdna	clone	encod	human	ketohexokinas	are	described.	altern	mrna	speci	and	altern	khk	isozym	are	produc	by	altern	polyadenyl	and	splice	of	the	khk	gene.	the	khk	protein	show	a	high	level	of	sequenc	conserv	rel	to	rat	khk.	direct	evid	that	mutat	of	the	khk	structur	gene	is	the	caus	of	essenti	fructosuria	wa	also	obtained.	In	a	well-character	family,	in	which	three	of	eight	sibl	have	fructosuria,	all	affect	individu	are	compound	heterozygot	for	two	mutat	gly40arg	and	ala43thr.	both	mutat	result	from	g--	>	A	transitions,	and	each	alter	the	same	conserv	region	of	the	khk	protein.	neither	mutat	wa	seen	in	a	sampl	of	52	unrel	control	individuals.	An	addit	conserv	amino	acid	chang	(val49iie)	wa	present	on	the	khk	allel	bear	ala43th
10449794	loss	of	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	gene	product	caus	oxid	damag	in	target	organs.	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	is	character	by	a	markedli	increas	sensit	to	ioniz	radiation,	increas	incid	of	cancer,	and	neurodegeneration,	especi	of	the	cerebellar	purkinj	cells.	ioniz	radiat	oxid	macromolecul	and	caus	tissu	damag	through	the	gener	of	reactiv	oxygen	speci	(ros).	We	therefor	hypothes	that	a-t	is	due	to	oxid	damag	result	from	loss	of	function	of	the	a-t	gene	product.	To	assess	thi	hypothesis,	we	employ	an	anim	model	of	a-t,	the	mous	with	a	disrupt	atm	gene.	We	show	that	organ	which	develop	patholog	chang	in	the	atm-defici	mice	are	target	of	oxid	damage,	and	that	cerebellar	purkinj	cell	are	particularli	affected.	these	observ	provid	a	mechanist	basi	for	the	a-t	phenotyp	and	lay	a	ration	foundat	for	therapeut	intervention.
6604602	famili	studi	in	bechterew'	syndrom	(ankylos	spondylitis)	iii.	genetics.	the	result	of	segreg	analys	in	75	famili	where	the	proband	had	ankylos	spondylitis,	are	presented.	Of	the	278	adult,	live	first	degre	relatives,	approxim	85%	cooper	in	the	study.	clinic	and	radiograph	examin	were	perform	and	hla	type	wa	conducted.	the	result	were	in	agreement	with	our	hypothesi	that	ankylos	spondyl	is	part	of	a	syndrom	where	differ	genet	factor	interact.	such	known	factor	are	hla	b27	associ	diseas	susceptibility,	suscept	to	psoriat	arthropathi	and	suscept	to	entero-arthropathy.	radiograph	sacro-ili	wa	restrict	to	hla	b27	posit	relatives,	and	wa	more	frequent	found	in	rel	to	proband	with	psoriasi	than	in	rel	to	proband	without	psoriasis.	environment	factor	(intestin	bacteria)	are	known	to	trigger	the	diseas	at	least	in	some	persons,	and	we	have	postul	that	all	or	most	of	them	have	the	predisposit	to	develop	disease.	thus,	the	syndrom	ha	a	multifactori	etiology.	the	phenotyp	express	of	the	differ	genet	predisposit	involved,	includ	sacro-iliitis,	psoriasis,	acut	anterior	uveitis,	peripher	arthropathi	and	inflammatori	bowel	disease.	We	suggest	the	descript	name	hereditari	multifoc	relaps	inflamm	(hemri)	for	thi	syndrome.	ankylos	spondylitis,	psoriat	arthropathi	and	entero-arthropathi	may	be	regard	as	clinic	sub-typ	of	the	syndrome.
1315306	chromosom	map	of	the	rod	photoreceptor	cgmp	phosphodiesteras	beta-subunit	gene	in	mous	and	human:	tight	linkag	to	the	huntington	diseas	region	(4p16.3).	the	retin	degener	mous	(gene	symbol,	rd)	is	an	anim	model	for	certain	form	of	human	hereditari	retinopathies.	recent	find	of	a	nonsens	mutat	in	the	rd	mous	pde	beta-subunit	gene	(pdeb)	prompt	us	to	investig	the	chromosom	locat	of	the	mous	and	human	genes.	We	have	util	backcross	analysi	in	mice	to	verifi	and	defin	more	precis	the	locat	of	the	pdeb	locu	6.	1	+/-	2.	3	cM	distal	of	mgsa	on	mous	chromosom	5.	We	have	determin	that	the	human	gene	(pdeb)	map	to	4p16.	3,	veri	close	to	the	huntington	diseas	(hd)	region.	analysi	of	the	compar	map	for	mice	and	human	show	that	the	mous	homologu	of	the	HD	gene	will	resid	on	chromosom	5.	linkag	of	the	mous	pdeb	locu	with	other	homologu	in	the	human	4p16.	3	region	is	maintain	but	gene	order	is	not,	suggest	at	least	three	possibl	site	for	the	correspond	mous	HD	gene
777027	hereditari	defici	of	the	fifth	compon	of	complement	in	man.	ii.	biolog	properti	of	c5-defici	human	serum.	the	first	known	human	kindr	with	hereditari	defici	of	the	fifth	compon	of	complement	(c5)	wa	document	in	the	accompani	report.	thi	studi	examin	sever	biolog	properti	of	c5-defici	(c5d)	human	serum,	particularli	sera	obtain	from	two	c5d	homozygotes.	the	proband,	who	ha	inact	system	lupu	erythematosu	is	complet	lack	c5,	while	her	healthi	half-sist	ha	1-2%	of	normal	levels.	both	sera	were	sever	impair	in	their	abil	to	gener	chemotact	activ	for	normal	human	neutrophil	upon	incub	with	aggreg	human	gamma-globulin	or	escherichia	coli	endotoxin.	thi	function	wa	fulli	restor	in	the	sibl	serum,	and	substanti	improv	in	the	proband	serum,	by	addit	of	highli	purifi	human	C5	to	normal	serum	concentrations.	sera	from	eight	famili	member	who	were	appar	heterozyg	for	C5	defici	gave	normal	chemotact	scores.	the	abil	of	c5d	serum	to	opson	saccharomyc	cerevisia	(baker	yeast)	or	candida	albican	for	ingest	by	normal	neutrophil	wa	complet	normal.	In	addition,	c5d	serum	wa	capabl	of	promot	normal	phagocytosi	and	intracellular	kill	of	staphylococcu	aureus.	the	proband	serum	wa	incap	of	mediat	lysi	of	erythrocyt	from	a	patient	with	paroxysm	nocturn	hemoglobinuria	in	both	the	sucros	hemolysia	and	acid	hemolysi	tests,	and	also	lack	bactericid	activ	against	sensit	or	unsensit	salmonella	typhi.	the	sibl	serum,	contain	onli	1-2%	of	normal	c5,	effect	lyse	S.	typhi,	but	onli	at	eightfold	lower	serum	dilut	as	compar	to	normals.	these	find	underscor	the	critic	role	of	C5	in	the	gener	of	chemotact	activ	and	in	cytolyt	reactions,	as	oppos	to	a	nonobligatori	or	minim	role	in	opsonization,	at	least	for	the	organ	under	study.
10807793	the	gene	for	famili	mediterranean	fever,	mefv,	is	express	in	earli	leukocyt	develop	and	is	regul	in	respons	to	inflammatori	mediators.	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf)	is	a	recess	disord	character	by	episod	of	fever	and	neutrophil-medi	seros	inflammation.	We	recent	identifi	the	gene	caus	fmf,	design	mefv,	and	found	it	to	be	express	in	matur	neutrophils,	suggest	that	it	function	as	an	inflammatori	regulator.	To	facilit	our	understand	of	the	normal	function	of	mefv,	we	extend	our	previou	studies.	mefv	messeng	rna	wa	detect	by	revers	transcriptase-polymeras	chain	reaction	in	bone	marrow	leukocytes,	with	differenti	express	observ	among	cell	by	in	situ	hybridization.	cd34	hematopoiet	stem-cel	cultur	induc	toward	the	granulocyt	lineag	express	mefv	at	the	myelocyt	stage,	concurr	with	lineag	commitment.	the	prepromyelocyt	cell	line	hl60	express	mefv	onli	at	granulocyt	and	monocyt	differentiation.	mefv	wa	also	express	in	the	monocyt	cell	line	u937	and	thp-1.	among	peripher	blood	leukocytes,	mefv	express	wa	detect	in	neutrophils,	eosinophils,	and	to	vari	degrees,	monocytes.	consist	with	the	tissu	specif	of	expression,	complet	sequenc	and	analysi	of	upstream	regulatori	region	of	mefv	reveal	homolog	to	myeloid-specif	promot	and	to	more	broadli	express	inflammatori	promot	elements.	In	vitro	stimul	of	monocyt	with	the	proinflammatori	agent	interferon	(ifn)	gamma,	tumor	necrosi	factor,	and	lipopolysaccharid	induc	mefv	expression,	wherea	the	antiinflammatori	cytokin	interleukin	(il)	4,	il-10,	and	transform	growth	factor	beta	inhibit	such	expression.	induct	by	ifn-gamma	occur	rapidli	and	wa	resist	to	cycloheximide.	ifn-alpha	also	induc	mefv	expression.	In	granulocytes,	mefv	wa	up-regul	by	ifn-gamma	and	the	combin	of	ifn-alpha	and	colchicine.	these	result	refin	understand	of	mefv	by	place	the	gene	in	the	myelomonocytic-specif	proinflammatori	pathway	and	identifi	it	as	an	ifn-gamma	immedi	earli	gene.
10556283	spectrum	of	hsnf5/ini1	somat	mutat	in	human	cancer	and	genotype-phenotyp	correlations.	the	hsnf5/ini1	gene	which	encod	a	member	of	the	swi/snf	chromatin	atp-depend	remodel	complex,	is	a	new	tumor	suppressor	gene	local	on	chromosom	22q11.	2	and	recent	shown	to	be	mutat	in	malign	rhabdoid	tumors.	We	have	search	for	hsnf5/ini1	mutat	in	229	tumor	of	variou	origin	use	a	screen	method	base	on	denatur	high-perform	liquid	chromatography.	A	total	of	31	homozyg	delet	and	36	point	alter	were	identified.	point	mutat	were	scatter	along	the	code	sequenc	and	includ	15	nonsense,	15	frameshift,	three	splice	site,	two	missens	and	one	edit	mutations.	mutat	were	retriev	in	most	rhabdoid	tumors,	whatev	their	site	of	occurrence,	indic	the	common	pathogenet	origin	of	these	tumors.	recurr	hsnf5/ini1	alter	were	also	observ	in	choroid	plexu	carcinoma	and	in	a	subset	of	central	primit	neuroectoderm	tumor	(cpnets)	and	medulloblastomas.	In	contrast,	hsnf5/ini1	point	mutat	were	not	detect	in	breast	cancers,	wilm	tumors,	gliomas,	ependymomas,	sarcoma	and	other	tumor	types,	even	though	most	analyz	case	harbor	loss	of	heterozygos	at	22q11.	2	loci.	these	result	suggest	that	rhabdoid	tumors,	choroid	plexu	carcinoma	and	a	subset	of	medulloblastoma	and	cpnet	share	common	pathway	of	oncogenesi	relat	to	hsnf5/ini1	alter	and	that	hsnf5/ini1	mutat	defin	a	genet	homogen	famili	of	highli	aggress	cancer	mainli	occur	in	young	children	and	frequently,	but	not	always,	exhibit	a	rhabdoid	phenotyp
624546	heterogen	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	defici	in	algeria.	studi	in	northern	algeria	with	descript	of	five	new	variants.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	wa	found	in	3.	2%	of	the	male	popul	live	in	the	urban	area	of	algiers.	the	defici	subject	origin	from	multipl	geograph	region	of	northern	algeria,	with	preval	of	individu	of	berber-kabyl	origin.	red	blood	cell	g6pd	wa	partial	purifi	and	character	in	defici	male	from	17	families,	and	six	differ	variant	were	found.	among	them,	onli	one,	the	Gd	(-)	kabyl	variant,	had	been	previous	described.	It	wa	detect	in	nine	families.	the	other	five	variant	were	new	Gd	(-)	laghouat	(four	cases),	Gd	(-)	blida	(one	case),	Gd	(-)	thenia	(one	case),	Gd	(-)	titteri	(one	case),	and	Gd	(-)	alger	(two	brothers).	strikingly,	the	common	mediterranean	variant	wa	not	found.	g6pd	defici	is	heterogen	in	northern	algeria	where	autochton	variant	seem	to	prevail.	the	kabyl	variant	may	be	common	in	thi	countri
1302032	fragil	X	syndrom	without	ccg	amplif	ha	an	fmr1	deletion.	We	describ	a	patient	with	typic	clinic	featur	of	the	fragil	X	syndrome,	but	without	cytogenet	express	of	the	fragil	X	or	an	amplifi	ccg	trinucleotid	repeat	fragment.	the	patient	ha	a	previous	uncharacter	submicroscop	delet	encompass	the	ccg	repeat,	the	entir	fmr1	gene	and	about	2.	5	megabas	of	flank	sequences.	thi	find	confirm	that	the	fragil	X	phenotyp	can	exist,	without	amplif	of	the	ccg	repeat	or	cytogenet	express	of	the	fragil	X,	and	that	fragil	X	syndrom	is	a	genet	homogen	disord	involv	fmr1.	We	also	found	random	x-inactiv	in	the	mother	of	the	patient	who	wa	shown	to	be	a	carrier	of	thi	delet
10589394	confirm	of	linkag	of	van	der	woud	syndrom	to	chromosom	1q32:	evid	of	associ	with	str	allel	suggest	possibl	uniqu	origin	of	the	diseas	mutation.	van	der	woud	syndrom	(vws)	is	an	autosom	domin	craniofaci	disord	with	high	penetr	and	variabl	expression.	it	clinic	featur	are	variabl	expressed,	but	includ	cleft	lip	and/or	cleft	palate,	lip	pit	and	hypodontia.	all	vw	famili	studi	to	date	map	the	diseas	gene	to	a	<	2	cM	region	of	chromosom	1q32,	with	no	evid	of	locu	heterogeneity.	the	aim	of	thi	studi	is	to	refin	the	local	of	the	vw	gene	and	to	further	assess	possibl	heterogeneity.	We	analyz	four	multiplex	vw	families.	all	avail	member	were	clinic	assess	and	genotyp	for	19	short	tandem	repeat	marker	on	chromosom	1	in	the	vw	candid	gene	region.	We	perform	two-point	and	multipoint	limit	of	detect	(lod)	score	analys	use	a	high	penetr	autosom	domin	model.	all	famili	show	posit	lod	score	without	ani	recombin	in	the	candid	region.	the	largest	two-point	lod	score	wa	5.	87	87.	our	assay	method	for	short	tandem	repeat	(str)	marker	provid	highli	accur	size	estim	of	marker	allel	fragment	sizes,	and	therefor	enabl	us	to	determin	the	specif	allel	segreg	with	the	vw	gene	in	each	of	our	four	families.	We	observ	a	strike	pattern	of	str	allel	share	at	sever	close	link	loci	among	our	four	caucasian	vw	famili	recruit	at	three	differ	locat	in	the	us.	these	result	suggest	the	possibl	of	a	uniqu	origin	for	a	mutat	respons	for	mani	or	most	case	of	vw
7550349	the	carrier	frequenc	of	the	brca1	185delag	mutat	is	approxim	1	percent	in	ashkenazi	jewish	individuals.	sinc	brca1,	the	first	major	gene	respons	for	inherit	breast	cancer,	wa	cloned,	more	than	50	uniqu	mutat	have	been	detect	in	the	germlin	of	individu	with	breast	and	ovarian	cancer.	In	high-risk	pedigrees,	femal	carrier	of	brca1	mutat	have	an	80-90%	lifetim	risk	of	breast	cancer,	and	a	40-50%	risk	of	ovarian	cancer.	however,	the	mutat	stat	of	individu	unselect	for	breast	or	ovarian	cancer	ha	not	been	determined,	and	it	is	not	known	whether	mutat	in	such	individu	confer	the	same	risk	of	cancer	as	in	individu	from	the	high-risk	famili	studi	so	far.	follow	the	find	of	a	185delag	frameshift	mutat	in	sever	ashkenazi	jewish	breast/ovarian	families,	we	have	determin	the	frequenc	of	thi	mutat	in	858	ashkenazim	seek	genet	test	for	condit	unrel	to	cancer,	and	in	815	refer	individu	not	select	for	ethnic	origin.	We	observ	the	185delag	mutat	in	0.	9%	of	ashkenazim	(95%	confid	limit,	0.	4-1.	8%)	and	in	none	of	the	refer	samples.	our	result	suggest	that	one	in	a	hundr	women	of	ashkenazi	descent	may	be	at	especi	high	risk	of	develop	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer
8460149	target	modif	of	the	apolipoprotein	B	gene	result	in	hypobetalipoproteinemia	and	development	abnorm	in	mice.	famili	hypobetalipoproteinemia	is	an	autosom	codomin	disord	result	in	a	dramat	reduct	in	plasma	concentr	of	apolipoprotein	(apo)	B,	cholesterol,	and	beta-migr	lipoproteins.	A	benefit	of	hypobetalipoproteinemia	is	that	mildli	affect	individu	may	be	protect	from	coronari	vascular	disease.	We	have	use	gene	target	to	gener	mice	with	a	modifi	apob	allele.	mice	contain	thi	allel	display	all	of	the	hallmark	of	human	hypobetalipoproteinemia	they	produc	a	truncat	apob	protein,	apob70,	and	have	markedli	decreas	plasma	concentr	of	apob,	beta-lipoproteins,	and	total	cholesterol.	In	addition,	the	mice	manifest	sever	characterist	that	are	occasion	observ	in	human	hypobetalipoproteinemia,	includ	reduc	plasma	triglycerid	concentrations,	fast	chylomicronemia,	and	reduc	high	densiti	lipoprotein	cholesterol.	An	unexpect	find	is	that	the	modifi	apob	allel	is	strongli	associ	with	exencephalu	and	hydrocephalus.	these	mice	should	help	increas	our	understand	of	hypobetalipoproteinemia,	atherogenesis,	and	the	etiolog	of	exencephalu	and	hydrocephalus.
10398279	common	mutat	in	brca1	and	brca2	do	not	contribut	to	earli	prostat	cancer	in	jewish	men.	background	famili	with	a	high	incid	of	hereditari	breast	cancer,	and	subsequ	shown	to	have	termin	mutat	in	brca1	or	brca2,	appear	to	have	a	higher	incid	of	prostat	cancer	among	male	relatives.	We	aim	to	determin	whether	the	common	germlin	mutat	of	brca1	or	brca2	in	ashkenazi	jewish	men	predispos	them	to	prostat	cancer.	method	We	examin	genom	dna	from	83	(for	brca1	185delag)	or	82	(for	brca2	6174delt)	ashkenazi	jewish	prostat	cancer	patients,	most	of	whom	were	treat	at	a	rel	young	age,	for	the	most	common	germlin	mutat	in	each	gene	seen	in	the	ashkenazi	population.	result	our	studi	should	have	been	abl	to	detect	a	4-5-fold	increas	in	the	risk	of	prostat	cancer	due	to	mutat	of	brca1	or	brca2.	however,	onli	one	(1.	15%;	95%	confid	interval,	0-3.	6%)	of	the	patient	wa	heterozyg	for	the	brca1	mutant	allele,	and	onli	two	were	heterozyg	for	the	brca2	mutat	(2.	4%;	95%	confid	interval,	0-6.	2%).	conclus	the	incid	of	each	of	the	germlin	mutat	in	these	prostat	cancer	patient	close	match	their	incid	(about	1%)	in	the	gener	ashkenazi	jewish	population.	thi	suggest	that	unlik	case	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancers,	mutat	in	brca1	or	brca2	do	not	significantli	predispos	men	to	prostat	canc
3565372	two	new	variant	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	associ	with	hereditari	non-spherocyt	hemolyt	anemia:	g6pd	wayn	and	g6pd	huron.	two	new	defici	variant	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	caus	hereditari	nonspherocyt	hemolyt	anemia	(hnsha)	are	described.	both	of	these	are	uniqu	and	they	have	been	name	g6pd	wayn	and	g6pd	huron.	patient	with	g6pd	wayn	underw	splenectomi	and	no	object	improv	wa	noted.	the	patient	with	g6pd	huron	were	under	medic	observ	for	a	consider	period	of	time	without	the	diagnosi	of	g6pd	defici	be	entertain	becaus	the	famili	wa	of	northern	european	origin.	sinc	sporad	variant	of	g6pd	caus	hnsha	show	no	special	racial	predilection,	the	diagnosi	of	g6pd	defici	should	alway	be	consid	in	patient	with	thi	syndrome.
6650504	the	tay-sach	diseas	gene	in	north	american	jewish	populations:	geograph	variat	and	origin.	from	data	collect	in	a	north	american	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	heterozygot	screen	program,	the	tsd	carrier	frequenc	among	46,	304	jewish	individu	wa	found	to	be.	0324	(1	in	31	individuals).	thi	frequenc	is	consist	with	earlier	estim	base	on	tsd	incid	data.	tsd	carrier	frequenc	were	then	examin	by	singl	countri	and	singl	region	of	origin	in	28,	029	jew	within	thi	sampl	for	whom	such	data	were	avail	for	analysis.	jew	with	polish	and/or	russian	ancestri	constitut	88%	of	thi	sampl	and	had	a	tsd	carrier	frequenc	of.	0327.	No	tsd	carrier	were	observ	among	the	166	jew	of	near	eastern	origins.	rel	to	jew	of	polish	and	russian	origins,	there	wa	at	least	a	twofold	increas	in	the	tsd	carrier	frequenc	in	jew	of	austrian,	hungarian,	and	czechoslovakian	origin	(P	less	than.	005).	these	find	suggest	that	the	tsd	gene	prolifer	among	the	anteced	of	modern	ashkenazi	jewri	after	the	second	diaspora	(70	A.	d.)	and	befor	their	major	migrat	to	region	of	poland	and	russia	(befor	1100	A.	d.)
8533757	novel	inherit	mutat	and	variabl	express	of	brca1	alleles,	includ	the	founder	mutat	185delag	in	ashkenazi	jewish	families.	thirty-seven	famili	with	four	or	more	case	of	breast	cancer	or	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	were	analyz	for	mutat	in	brca1.	twelv	differ	germ-lin	mutations,	four	novel	and	eight	previous	observed,	were	detect	in	16	families.	five	famili	of	ashkenazi	jewish	descent	carri	the	185delag	mutat	and	share	the	same	haplotyp	at	eight	polymorph	marker	span	approxim	850	kb	at	brca1.	express	of	185delag	in	these	famili	varied,	from	early-onset	breast	cancer	without	ovarian	cancer.	mutat	4184deltcaa	occur	independ	in	two	families.	In	one	family,	penetr	wa	complete,	with	femal	develop	early-onset	breast	cancer	or	ovarian	cancer	and	the	male	carrier	develop	prostat	cancer,	whereas,	in	the	other	family,	penetr	wa	incomplet	and	onli	breast	cancer	occurred,	diagnos	at	age	38-81	years.	two	novel	nonsens	mutat	led	to	the	loss	of	mutant	brca1	transcript	in	famili	with	10	and	6	case	of	early-onset	breast	cancer	and	ovarian	cancer.	A	665-nt	segment	of	the	brca1	3-utr	and	1.	3	kb	of	genom	sequenc	includ	the	put	promot	region	were	invari	by	single-strand	conform	analysi	in	13	famili	without	coding-sequ	mutations.	overal	in	our	series,	brca1	mutat	have	been	detect	in	26	famili	16	with	posit	brca1	lod	scores,	7	with	neg	lod	score	(reflect	multipl	sporad	breast	cancers),	and	3	not	test	for	linkage.	three	other	famili	have	posit	lod	score	for	linkag	to	brca2,	but	13	famili	without	detect	brca1	mutat	have	neg	lod	score	for	both	brca1	and	brca2
10767343	transgen	mice	carri	larg	human	genom	sequenc	with	expand	ctg	repeat	mimic	close	the	DM	ctg	repeat	intergener	and	somat	instability.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	caus	by	a	ctg	repeat	expans	in	the	3utr	of	the	DM	protein	kinas	(dmpk)	gene.	A	veri	high	level	of	instabl	is	observ	through	success	gener	and	the	size	of	the	repeat	is	gener	correl	with	the	sever	of	the	diseas	and	with	age	at	onset.	furthermore,	tissu	from	DM	patient	exhibit	somat	mosaic	that	increas	with	age.	We	gener	transgen	mice	carri	larg	human	genom	sequenc	with	20,	55	or	>	300	ctg,	clone	from	patient	from	the	same	affect	DM	family.	use	larg	human	flank	sequenc	and	a	larg	amplification,	we	demonstr	that	the	intergener	ctg	repeat	instabl	is	reproduc	in	mice,	with	a	strong	bia	toward	expans	and	with	the	same	sex-	and	size-depend	characterist	as	in	humans.	moreover,	a	high	level	of	instability,	increas	with	age,	can	be	observ	in	tissu	and	in	sperm.	although	we	did	not	observ	dramat	expans	(or	big	jump	over	sever	hundr	ctg	repeats)	as	in	congenit	form	of	dm,	our	model	carri	>	300	ctg	is	the	first	to	show	instabl	so	close	to	the	human	DM	situation.	our	three	model	carri	differ	size	of	ctg	repeat	provid	insight	on	the	differ	factor	modul	the	ctg	repeat	instability.
133535	linkag	of	gene	for	C2	defici	and	the	major	histocompat	complex	mhc	in	man.	famili	studi	of	a	further	case.	close	linkag	between	hl-a	and	C2	defici	wa	first	report	by	FU	and	co-work	in	1974.	We	present	here	a	pedigre	of	a	31-year-old	c2-defici	individu	with	clinic	manifest	of	hodgkin	disease.	the	follow	marker	were	test	C2	levels,	factor	B	polymorphism,	blood	groups,	and	enzym	typing.	In	addit	to	close	linkag	between	hl-a	and	C2	deficiency,	both	parent	were	heterozyg	for	Bf	(hl-a	linked,	electrophoret	variat	of	b).	the	two	hl-a	haplotyp	close	link	to	C2	defici	are	differ	2,	w18	and	w24,	w18.	they	share,	however,	the	sd2	antigen	w18	and	the	LD	type	7a.
10051007	age	of	onset	in	huntington	diseas	:	sex	specif	influenc	of	apolipoprotein	E	genotyp	and	normal	cag	repeat	length.	age	of	onset	(ao)	of	huntington	diseas	(hd)	is	known	to	be	correl	with	the	length	of	an	expand	cag	repeat	in	the	HD	gene.	apolipoprotein	E	(apoe)	genotype,	in	turn,	is	known	to	influenc	AO	in	alzheim	disease,	render	the	apo	gene	a	like	candid	to	affect	AO	in	other	neurolog	diseas	too.	We	therefor	determin	apo	genotyp	and	normal	cag	repeat	length	in	the	HD	gene	for	138	HD	patient	who	were	previous	analys	with	respect	to	cag	repeat	length.	genotyp	for	apo	wa	perform	blind	to	clinic	information.	In	addit	to	highlight	the	effect	of	the	normal	repeat	length	upon	AO	in	matern	inherit	HD	and	in	male	patients,	we	show	that	the	apo	epsilon2epsilon3	genotyp	is	associ	with	significantli	earlier	AO	in	male	than	in	females.	such	a	sex	differ	in	AO	wa	not	appar	for	ani	of	the	other	apo	genotypes.	our	find	suggest	that	subtl	differ	in	the	cours	of	the	neurodegener	in	HD	may	allow	interact	gene	to	exert	gender	specif	effect	upon	AO
1978564	genet	linkag	map	of	six	polymorph	dna	marker	around	the	gene	for	famili	adenomat	polyposi	on	chromosom	5.	A	genet	linkag	map	of	six	polymorph	dna	marker	close	to	the	gene	(apc)	for	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	on	chromosom	5q	is	reported.	one	hundr	fifty-f	type	member	of	nine	fap	kindr	provid	more	than	90	meios	for	linkag	analysis.	A	number	of	crucial	recombin	event	have	been	identifi	which	are	inform	at	three	or	more	loci,	allow	confid	order	of	part	of	the	map.	there	wa	no	evid	of	genet	heterogeneity,	with	all	famili	show	linkag	of	at	least	one	chromosom	5	marker	to	the	gene.	recombin	data	and	two-point	linkag	analysi	support	a	locu	order	of	centromere-pi	227-c11p11-ecb27-l5.	62-apc-ef5	62-apc-ef5.	44-yn5	44-yn5.	48-telom	e,	although	ef5.	44	could	lie	in	the	interv	l5.	62-apc	or	ecb27-l5.	62.	No	recombin	were	identifi	between	apc	and	either	ef5.	44	or	yn5.	48,	but	publish	delet	map	in	colorect	carcinoma	and	linkag	analysi	in	fap	suggest	that	yn5.	48	is	1-3	cM	from	apc.	the	present	studi	suggest	that	yn5.	48	and	l5.	62	delin	a	small	region	of	chromosom	5	within	which	the	ef5.	44	locu	lie	veri	close	to	the	apc	gene.	these	data	not	onli	allow	use	of	flank	marker	for	presymptomat	diagnosi	of	fap	but	also	provid	a	high-dens	map	of	the	region	for	isol	of	the	apc	gene	itself	and	for	further	assess	of	the	role	of	chromosom	5	delet	in	the	biolog	of	sporad	colorect	cancer
8370681	detect	of	a	novel	arginin	vasopressin	defect	by	dideoxi	fingerprinting.	autosom	domin	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	is	a	famili	form	of	diabet	insipidus.	thi	disord	is	associ	with	variabl	level	of	arginin	vasopressin	(avp)	and	diabet	insipidu	of	vari	severity,	which	respond	to	exogen	avp.	To	determin	the	molecular	basi	of	autosom	domin	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidus,	the	avp	gene	of	member	of	a	larg	kindr	were	analyzed.	A	new	method,	call	dideoxi	fingerprinting,	wa	use	to	detect	an	avp	mutat	that	wa	character	by	dna	sequencing.	the	novel	defect	found	chang	the	last	codon	of	the	avp	signal	peptid	from	alanin	to	threonine,	which	should	perturb	cleavag	of	matur	avp	from	it	precursor	protein	and	inhibit	it	secret	or	action.
8259519	associ	of	the	apc	tumor	suppressor	protein	with	catenins.	mutat	of	apc	appear	to	initi	sporad	and	inherit	form	of	human	colorect	cancer.	although	these	mutat	have	been	well	characterized,	littl	is	known	about	the	function	of	the	apc	gene	product.	two	cellular	protein	that	associ	with	apc	were	identifi	by	nucleotid	sequenc	analysi	and	peptid	map	as	the	e-cadherin-associ	protein	alpha-	and	beta-catenin.	A	27-residu	fragment	of	apc	contain	a	15-amino	acid	repeat	wa	suffici	for	the	interact	with	the	catenins.	these	result	suggest	an	import	link	between	tumor	initi	and	cell	adhesion.
2703233	myoton	dystrophi	is	close	link	to	the	gene	for	muscle-typ	creatin	kinas	(ckmm).	We	have	studi	genet	linkag	between	the	gene	for	creatin	kinas	muscl	type	(ckmm)	and	the	gene	for	myoton	dystrophi	(dm).	In	a	panel	of	65	myoton	dystrophi	famili	from	canada	and	the	netherlands,	a	maximum	lod	score	(zmax)	of	22.	8	at	a	recombin	frequenc	(theta)	of	0.	03	wa	obtained.	tight	linkag	wa	also	demonstr	for	ckmm	and	the	gene	for	apolipoprotein	C2	(apoc2).	thi	establish	ckmm	as	a	use	marker	for	myoton	dystroph
7767095	discord	clinic	outcom	in	myoton	dystrophi	rel	show	(ctg)n	>	700	repeats.	A	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	famili	is	describ	in	which	discord	DM	phenotyp	were	found	in	the	children	of	two	affect	sister	with	similar	ctg	expans	and	clinic	manifestations.	In	thi	family,	congenit	as	well	as	earli	sever	childhood	and	later	childhood	onset	DM	coexist.	thi	observ	strengthen	the	limit	abil	of	lymphocyt	ctg	repeat	number	analysi	in	predict	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	DM	patients.
10554035	constitut	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	gene	delet	detect	in	vhl	famili	by	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridization.	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	diseas	is	an	autosom	dominantli	inherit	cancer	syndrom	predispos	to	a	varieti	of	tumor	type	that	includ	retin	hemangioblastomas,	hemangioblastoma	of	the	central	nervou	system,	renal	cell	carcinomas,	pancreat	cyst	and	tumors,	pheochromocytomas,	endolymphat	sac	tumors,	and	epididym	cystadenoma	[w.	M.	linehan	et	al.,	J.	am.	med.	assoc.,	273	564-570,	1995;	E.	A.	maher	and	W.	G.	kaelin,	jr.,	medicin	(baltimore),	76	381-391,	1997;	W.	M.	linehan	and	R.	D.	klausner,	In	B.	vogelstein	and	K.	kinzler	(eds.),	the	genet	basi	of	human	cancer,	pp.	455-473,	mcgraw-hill,	1998].	the	vhl	gene	wa	local	to	chromosom	3p25-26	and	clone	[f.	latif	et	al.,	scienc	(washington	dc),	260	1317-1320,	1993].	germlin	mutat	in	the	vhl	gene	have	been	detect	in	the	major	of	vhl	kindreds.	the	report	frequenc	of	detect	of	vhl	germlin	mutat	ha	vari	from	39	to	80%	(j.	M.	whaley	et	al.,	am.	J.	hum.	genet.,	55	1092-1102,	1994;	clinic	research	group	for	japan,	hum.	mol.	genet.,	4	2233-2237,	1995;	F.	chen	et	al.,	hum.	mutat.,	5	66-75,	1995;	E.	R.	maher	et	al.,	J.	med.	genet.,	33	328-332,	1996;	B.	zbar,	cancer	surv.,	25	219-232,	1995).	recent	a	quantit	southern	blot	procedur	wa	found	to	improv	thi	frequenc	(c.	stoll	et	al.,	hum.	mutat.,	12	417-423,	1998).	In	the	present	study,	we	report	the	use	of	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	(fish)	as	a	method	to	detect	and	character	vhl	germlin	deletions.	We	reexamin	a	group	of	vhl	patient	shown	previous	by	single-strand	conform	and	sequenc	analysi	not	to	harbor	point	mutat	in	the	vhl	locus.	We	found	constitut	delet	in	29	of	30	vhl	patient	in	thi	group	use	cosmid	and	P1	probe	that	cover	the	vhl	locus.	We	then	test	six	phenotyp	normal	offspr	from	four	of	these	vhl	famili	two	were	found	to	carri	the	delet	and	the	other	four	were	deletion-free.	In	addition,	germlin	mosaic	of	the	vhl	gene	wa	identifi	in	one	family.	In	sum,	fish	wa	found	to	be	a	simpl	and	reliabl	method	to	detect	vhl	germlin	delet	and	practic	use	in	case	where	other	method	of	screen	have	fail	to	detect	a	vhl	gene	abnormalit
7481765	aberr	subcellular	local	of	brca1	in	breast	cancer.	the	brca1	gene	product	wa	identifi	as	a	220-kilodalton	nuclear	phosphoprotein	in	normal	cells,	includ	breast	ductal	epitheli	cells,	and	in	18	of	20	tumor	cell	line	deriv	from	tissu	other	than	breast	and	ovary.	In	16	of	17	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	line	and	17	of	17	sampl	of	cell	obtain	from	malign	effusions,	however,	brca1	local	mainli	in	cytoplasm.	absenc	of	brca1	or	aberr	subcellular	locat	wa	also	observ	to	a	variabl	extent	in	histolog	section	of	mani	breast	cancer	biopsies.	these	find	suggest	that	brca1	abnorm	may	be	involv	in	the	pathogenesi	of	mani	breast	cancers,	sporad	as	well	as	familial.
107868	hla	b27	and	the	genet	of	ankylos	spondylitis.	one	hundr	and	twenty-eight	of	145	patient	with	ankylos	spondyl	(as)	were	found	to	be	hla	b27	positive.	five	patient	had	evid	of	a	sero-neg	peripher	arthriti	resembl	peripher	psoriat	arthriti	and	3	of	these	were	b27	negative.	one	further	b27	neg	patient	had	a	sister	with	ankylos	spondyl	and	ulcer	coliti	and	a	mother	with	ulcer	colitis.	there	wa	evid	of	a	somewhat	later	age	of	onset	of	symptom	in	b27	neg	patients.	these	find	are	interpret	as	suggest	some	degre	of	clinic	and	genet	heterogen	in	ankylos	spondyl	with	gene	for	psoriasi	and	inflammatori	bowel	diseas	be	import	in	some	individuals,	particularli	those	who	are	b27	negative.	twenty-f	first-degre	rel	with	ankylos	spondyl	were	all	b27	positive.	the	onli	instanc	of	disassoci	of	b27	and	spondyl	in	a	famili	wa	where	the	proband	had	ulcer	coliti	as	well	as	spondylitis.	Of	13	b27	posit	father	3	could	be	diagnos	as	have	definit	ankylos	spondyl	(23%).	these	find	are	thought	to	provid	evid	against	the	concept	that	the	gene	for	ankylos	spondyl	is	not	b27	but	a	close	link	gene	and	favour	the	occurr	of	an	environment	event	affect	approxim	one-fifth	of	b27	posit	male	to	result	in	disease.
7858169	late	infantil	metachromat	leukodystrophi	in	israel.	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld)	is	a	neurodegen	diseas	in	which	the	lysosom	enzyme,	aryl	sulfatas	A	(arsa)	is	deficient.	the	diseas	is	inherit	as	an	autosom	recess	trait	and	it	frequenc	is	estim	to	be	1/40,	000	live	births.	the	gene	of	arsa	ha	been	clone	and	up	to	now	eight	mutat	caus	mld	have	been	reported.	anoth	mutation,	pd,	lead	to	the	defici	of	the	enzym	in	vitro	(pseudodeficiency)	without	ani	known	clinic	effect.	the	PD	mutat	is	frequent	in	all	populations.	In	israel,	late	infantil	mld	wa	found	to	be	veri	frequent	in	a	small	jewish	isolate,	the	habbanit	jew	(1/75	live	births).	the	molecular	analysi	demonstr	that	in	the	habbanit	population,	the	mutat	occur	on	an	allel	with	the	PD	mutation.	the	loss	of	arsa	activ	is	due	to	a	point	mutat	C	>	T	lead	to	a	chang	of	prolin	to	leucine.	mld	is	also	frequent	among	moslem	arab	in	jerusalem.	the	mutat	is	a	transit	G	>	A	destroy	the	splice	donor	site	of	exon	2.	thi	mutat	ha	been	report	in	patient	with	the	late	infantil	mld	from	differ	ethnic	groups.	the	christian	arab	in	israel	also	have	a	high	incid	of	the	diseas	(1/10,	000	live	births);	the	mutat	in	thi	popul	is	still	unknown.	knowledg	of	the	differ	mutat	caus	mld	in	these	defin	popul	will	allow	a	carrier	screen	program	to	be	carri	out	and	prevent	the	birth	of	addit	affect	children.
10982189	genom	rearrang	of	the	apc	tumor-suppressor	gene	in	famili	adenomat	polyposis.	germlin	mutat	of	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	tumor-suppressor	gene	result	in	the	hereditari	colorect	cancer	syndrom	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap).	almost	all	apc	mutat	that	have	been	identifi	are	single-nucleotid	alterations,	small	insertions,	or	small	delet	that	would	truncat	the	protein	product	of	the	gene.	No	well-character	intragen	rearrang	of	apc	ha	been	described,	and	the	preval	of	thi	type	of	mutat	in	fap	patient	is	not	clear.	We	screen	49	potenti	fap	famili	and	identifi	26	differ	germlin	apc	mutat	in	30	families.	four	of	these	mutat	were	genom	rearrang	result	from	homolog	and	nonhomolog	recombin	mediat	by	alu	elements.	two	of	these	four	rearrang	were	complex,	involv	delet	and	insert	of	nucleotides.	Of	these	four	rearrangements,	one	result	in	the	delet	of	exon	11	and	12	and	two	other	result	in	either	complet	or	partial	delet	of	exon	14.	the	fourth	rearrang	grossli	alter	the	sequenc	within	intron	14.	although	thi	rearrang	did	not	affect	ani	code	sequenc	of	apc	at	the	genom	dna	level,	it	caus	inappropri	splice	of	exon	14.	these	rearrang	were	initi	reveal	by	analyz	cdna	and	could	not	have	been	identifi	by	use	mutat	detect	method	that	screen	each	exon	individually.	the	identif	of	a	rearrang	that	did	not	alter	ani	code	exon	yet	affect	the	splice	further	underscor	the	import	of	use	cdna	for	mutat	analysis.	the	identif	of	four	genom	rearrang	among	30	mutat	suggest	that	genom	rearrang	are	frequent	germlin	apc	mutations.
8075631	famili	male	breast	cancer	is	not	link	to	the	brca1	locu	on	chromosom	17q.	breast	cancer	in	men	is	about	a	hundredfold	less	common	than	in	women	and	thi	ha	hinder	research	into	it	genet	basis.	We	have	examin	22	famili	with	at	least	one	case	of	male	breast	cancer	for	linkag	to	the	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	locus,	brca1,	on	chromosom	17q.	We	found	strong	evid	against	linkag	to	brca1	(lod	score-16.	63)	and	the	best	estim	of	the	proport	of	link	famili	wa	0%	(95%	CI	0-18%).	our	result	indic	that	there	is	a	gene	(s)	other	than	brca1	which	predispos	to	early-onset	breast	cancer	in	women	and	which	confer	a	higher	risk	of	male	breast	cancer.	identif	of	addit	pedigre	that	includ	case	of	male	breast	cancer	may	therefor	facilit	the	map	and	isol	of	thi	gene
8528200	evid	for	inter-gener	instabl	in	the	cag	repeat	in	the	mjd1	gene	and	for	conserv	haplotyp	at	flank	marker	amongst	japanes	and	caucasian	subject	with	machado-joseph	disease.	the	size	of	the	(cag)n	repeat	array	in	the	3'	end	of	the	mjd1	gene	and	the	haplotyp	at	a	seri	of	microsatellit	marker	surround	the	mjd1	gene	were	examin	in	a	larg	cohort	of	japanes	and	caucasian	subject	affect	with	machado-joseph	diseas	(mjd).	our	data	provid	five	novel	observations.	first,	mjd	is	associ	with	expans	fo	the	array	from	the	normal	rang	of	14-37	repeat	to	68-84	repeat	in	most	japanes	and	caucasian	subjects,	but	no	subject	were	observ	with	expans	intermedi	in	size	between	those	of	the	normal	and	mjd	affect	groups.	second,	the	expand	allel	associ	with	mjd	display	inter-gener	instability,	particularli	in	male	meioses,	and	thi	instabl	wa	associ	with	the	clinic	phenomenon	of	anticipation.	third,	the	size	of	the	expand	allel	is	not	onli	invers	correl	with	the	age-of-onset	of	mjd	(r	=	-0.738,	p	<	0.001),	but	is	also	correl	with	the	frequenc	of	other	clinic	featur	[e.g.	pseudoexophthalmo	and	pyramid	sign	were	more	frequent	in	subject	with	larg	repeat	(p	<	0.001	and	p	<	0.05	respectively)].	fourth,	the	diseas	phenotyp	is	significantli	more	sever	and	had	an	earli	age	of	onset	(16	years)	in	a	subject	homozyg	for	the	expand	allele,	which	contrast	with	huntington	diseas	and	suggest	that	the	expand	allel	in	the	mjd1	gene	could	exert	it	effect	either	by	a	domin	neg	effect	(put	exclud	in	hd)	or	by	a	gain	of	function	effect	as	propos	for	hd.	finally,	japanes	and	caucasian	subject	affect	with	mjd	share	haplotyp	at	sever	marker	surround	the	mjd1	gene,	which	are	uncommon	in	the	normal	japanes	and	caucasian	population,	and	which	suggest	the	exist	either	of	common	founder	in	these	popul	or	of	chromosom	suscept	to	patholog	expans	of	the	cag	repeat	in	the	mjd1	gene
3674116	famili	prader-willi	syndrom	with	appar	normal	chromosomes.	We	report	on	4	sib	(2f,	2m)	with	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	diagnosi	wa	made	clinic	on	the	basi	of	history,	behavior,	and	physic	find	in	3	of	the	sibs.	the	other	child	had	die	at	age	10	month	with	a	histori	and	clinic	find	typic	of	first	phase	of	pws.	result	of	chromosom	studi	on	the	parent	and	surviv	sib	were	normal.	the	implic	of	thi	unusu	famili	occurr	for	our	understand	of	pw	are	discussed.
7759075	age	at	diagnosi	as	an	indic	of	elig	for	brca1	dna	test	in	famili	breast	cancer.	We	search	for	criteria	that	could	indic	breast	cancer	famili	with	a	high	prior	probabl	of	be	caus	by	the	breast/ovarian	cancer	suscept	locu	brca1	on	chromosom	17.	To	thi	end,	we	perform	a	linkag	studi	with	59	consecut	collect	dutch	breast	cancer	families,	includ	16	with	at	least	one	case	of	ovarian	cancer.	We	use	an	intak	cut-off	of	at	least	three	first-degre	rel	with	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	at	ani	age.	signific	evid	for	linkag	wa	found	onli	among	the	13	breast	cancer	famili	with	a	mean	age	at	diagnosi	of	less	than	45	years.	An	unexpectedli	low	proport	of	the	breast-ovarian	cancer	famili	were	estim	to	be	link	to	brca1,	which	could	be	due	to	a	founder	effect	in	the	dutch	population.	given	the	expect	logist	problem	in	clinic	manag	now	that	brca1	ha	been	identified,	we	propos	an	interim	period	in	which	onli	famili	with	a	strong	posit	famili	histori	for	earli	onset	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	will	be	offer	brca1	mutat	testing.
1999339	some	mexican	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	variant	revisited.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	appear	to	be	fairli	common	in	mexico.	We	have	now	examin	the	dna	of	three	previous	report	electrophoret	fast	mexican	g6pd	variants,	-g6pd	distrito	federal,	g6pd	tepic,	and	g6pd	castilla.	all	three	of	these	variants,	believ	on	the	basi	of	biochem	character	and	popul	origin	to	be	unique,	have	the	g----a	transit	at	nucleotid	202	and	the	a----g	transit	at	nucleotid	376,	mutat	that	we	now	recogn	to	be	characterist	of	g6pd	a-.	two	other	mexican	male	with	g6pd	defici	were	found	to	have	the	same	mutation.	all	five	have	the	(nlaiii/foki/pvuii/psti)	haplotyp	characterist	of	g6pd	A	-in	africa.	sinc	the	pvuii	+	genotyp	seem	to	be	rare	in	europe,	we	conclud	that	all	of	these	g6pd	A	-	gene	had	their	ancient	origin	in	africa,	although	in	mani	of	the	mexican	patient	with	g6pd	A	-202a/376g	the	gene	may	have	been	import	more	recent	from	spain,	where	thi	variant,	formerli	known	as	g6pd	betica,	is	also	prevalent.
10924409	inactiv	of	germlin	mutant	apc	allel	by	attenu	somat	mutations:	a	molecular	genet	mechan	for	attenu	famili	adenomat	polyposis.	germlin	mutat	of	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	tumor-suppressor	gene	result	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap).	patient	with	fap	typic	develop	hundr	to	thousand	of	benign	colorect	tumor	and	early-onset	colorect	cancer.	A	subset	of	germlin	apc	mutat	result	in	an	attenu	fap	(afap)	phenotype,	in	which	patient	develop	fewer	tumor	and	develop	them	at	an	older	age.	although	a	genotype-phenotyp	correl	between	the	locat	of	apc	germlin	mutat	and	the	develop	of	afap	ha	been	well	documented,	the	mechan	for	afap	ha	not	been	well	defined.	We	investig	the	mechan	for	afap	in	patient	carri	a	mutant	apc	allel	(apc	(as9))	that	ha	a	mutat	in	the	altern	splice	region	of	exon	9.	apc	(as9)	wa	found	to	down-regul	beta-catenin-regul	transcription,	the	major	tumor-suppressor	function	of	apc,	as	did	the	wild-typ	apc.	mutat	analysi	show	that	both	apc	(as9)	and	the	wild-typ	apc	allel	were	somat	mutat	in	most	colorect	tumor	from	these	patients.	function	analysi	show	that	4666insa,	a	common	somat	mutat	in	apc	(as9)	in	these	tumors,	did	not	inactiv	the	wild-typ	apc.	our	result	indic	that	carrier	of	apc	(as9)	develop	fewer	colorect	tumor	than	do	typic	patient	with	fap	becaus	somat	inactiv	of	both	apc	allel	is	necessari	for	colorect	tumorigenesis.	however,	these	patient	develop	colorect	tumor	more	frequent	than	doe	the	gener	popul	becaus	apc	(as9)	is	inactiv	by	mutat	that	do	not	inactiv	the	wild-typ	apc.
1334370	submicroscop	delet	at	the	wagr	locus,	reveal	by	nonradioact	in	situ	hybridization.	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	(fish)	with	biotin-label	probe	map	to	11p13	ha	been	use	for	the	molecular	analysi	of	delet	of	the	wagr	(wilm	tumor,	aniridia,	genitourinari	abnormalities,	and	mental	retardation)	locus.	We	have	detect	a	submicroscop	11p13	delet	in	a	child	with	inherit	aniridia	who	subsequ	present	with	wilm	tumor	in	a	horsesho	kidney,	onli	reveal	at	surgery.	the	mother,	who	ha	aniridia,	wa	also	found	to	carri	a	delet	includ	both	the	aniridia	candid	gene	(an2)	and	the	wilm	tumor	predisposit	gene	(wt1).	thi	is	therefor	a	rare	case	of	an	inherit	wagr	deletion.	wilm	tumor	ha	so	far	onli	been	associ	with	sporad	de	novo	aniridia	cases.	We	have	shown	that	a	cosmid	probe	for	a	candid	aniridia	gene,	homolog	to	the	mous	pax-6	gene,	is	delet	in	cell	line	from	aniridia	patient	with	previous	character	delet	at	11p13,	while	anoth	cosmid	marker	map	between	two	aniridia-associ	transloc	breakpoint	(and	henc	a	second	candid	marker)	is	present	on	both	chromosomes.	these	result	support	the	pax-6	homologu	as	a	strong	candid	for	the	an2	gene.	fish	with	cosmid	probe	ha	prove	to	be	a	fast	and	reliabl	techniqu	for	the	molecular	analysi	of	deletions.	It	can	be	use	with	limit	amount	of	materi	and	ha	strong	potenti	for	clinic	applications.
8279472	haplotyp	studi	in	wilson	disease.	In	51	famili	with	wilson	disease,	we	have	studi	dna	haplotyp	of	dinucleotid	repeat	polymorph	(ca	repeats)	in	the	13q14.	3	region,	to	examin	these	marker	for	associ	with	the	wilson	diseas	gene	(wnd).	In	addit	to	a	marker	(d13s133)	describ	elsewhere,	we	have	develop	three	new	highli	polymorph	marker	(d13s314,	d13s315,	and	d13s316)	close	to	the	wnd	locus.	We	have	examin	the	distribut	of	marker	allel	at	the	loci	studi	and	have	found	that	d13s314,	d13s133,	and	d13s316	each	show	nonrandom	distribut	on	chromosom	carri	the	wnd	mutation.	We	have	studi	haplotyp	of	these	three	marker	and	have	found	that	there	are	highli	signific	differ	between	wnd	and	normal	haplotyp	in	northern	european	families.	these	find	have	import	implic	for	mutat	detect	and	molecular	diagnosi	in	famili	with	wilson	diseas
10541953	growth	hormon	treatment	increas	co(2)	response,	ventil	and	central	inspiratori	drive	in	children	with	prader-willi	syndrome.	We	studi	whether	the	benefici	effect	of	growth	hormon	(gh)	treatment	on	growth	and	bodi	composit	in	pw	are	accompani	by	an	improv	in	respiratori	function.	We	measur	rest	ventilation,	airway	occlus	pressur	(P	(0.	1))	and	ventilatori	respons	to	CO	(2)	in	nine	children,	age	7-14	years,	befor	and	6-9	month	after	the	start	of	GH	treatment.	dure	GH	treatment,	rest	ventil	increas	by	26%,	P	(0.	1)	by	72%	and	the	respons	to	CO	(2)	by	65%	(P	<	0.	002,	<	0.	04	and	<	0.	02,	respectively).	thi	observ	increas	in	ventilatori	output	wa	not	correl	to	chang	in	bodi	mass	index.	conclus	treatment	of	children	with	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	seem	to	have	a	stimulatori	effect	on	central	respiratori	structures.	the	observ	increas	in	ventil	and	inspiratori	drive	may	contribut	to	the	improv	activ	level	report	by	parent	of	pw	children	dure	growth	hormon	therap
8522307	somat	von	hippel-lindau	mutat	in	clear	cell	papillari	cystadenoma	of	the	epididymis.	papillari	cystadenoma	of	the	epididymi	is	an	uncommon	benign	lesion	that	may	occur	sporad	or	as	a	manifest	of	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	disease.	neither	immunohistochem	studi	nor	molecular	genet	analys	of	the	vhl	gene	have	been	report	previous	for	thi	lesion.	the	author	describ	two	case	of	clear	cell	papillari	cystadenoma	of	the	epididymis,	both	of	which	were	initi	confus	with	metastat	renal	cell	carcinoma.	both	lesion	show	posit	immunohistochem	stain	for	low	and	intermedi	molecular	weight	keratin	(cam	5.	2	and	ae1/ae3),	ema,	vimentin,	alpha	1-antitrypsin,	and	alpha	1-antichymotrypsin.	each	wa	neg	for	cea.	becaus	clear	cell	papillari	cystadenoma	is	similar	to	renal	cell	carcinoma	histologically,	and	becaus	both	occur	as	compon	of	the	von	hippel-lindau	diseas	complex,	the	author	analyz	both	case	for	the	presenc	of	mutat	in	the	vhl	gene.	A	somat	vhl	gene	mutat	wa	detect	in	one	of	the	two	tumor	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	follow	by	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysis.	direct	sequenc	reveal	a	cytosin	to	thymin	transit	at	nucleotid	694,	result	in	the	replac	of	an	arginin	with	a	stop	codon	after	the	sixth	amino	acid	of	exon	3.	As	the	vhl	gene	is	believ	to	function	as	a	tumor	suppressor	gene,	vhl	gene	mutat	may	play	a	role	in	the	initi	of	tumorigenesi	in	sporad	cystadenoma	of	the	epididymi
7825586	An	evalu	of	genet	heterogen	in	145	breast-ovarian	cancer	families.	breast	cancer	linkag	consortium.	the	breast-ovari	cancer-famili	syndrom	is	a	domin	predisposit	to	cancer	of	the	breast	and	ovari	which	ha	been	map	to	chromosom	region	17q12-q21.	the	majority,	but	not	all,	of	breast-ovari	cancer	famili	show	linkag	to	thi	suscept	locus,	design	brca1.	We	report	here	the	result	of	a	linkag	analysi	of	145	famili	with	both	breast	and	ovarian	cancer.	these	famili	contain	either	a	total	of	three	or	more	case	of	early-onset	(befor	age	60	years)	breast	cancer	or	ovarian	cancer.	all	famili	contain	at	least	one	case	of	ovarian	cancer.	overall,	an	estim	76%	of	the	145	famili	are	link	to	the	brca1	locus.	none	of	the	13	famili	with	case	of	male	breast	cancer	appear	to	be	linked,	but	it	is	estim	that	92%	(95%	confid	interv	76%	-100%)	of	famili	with	no	male	breast	cancer	and	with	two	or	more	ovarian	cancer	are	link	to	brca1.	these	data	suggest	that	the	breast-ovarian	cancer-famili	syndrom	is	genet	heterogeneous.	however,	the	larg	major	of	famili	with	early-onset	breast	cancer	and	with	two	or	more	case	of	ovarian	cancer	are	like	to	be	due	to	brca1	mutations.
4019732	genet	analysi	in	famili	with	van	der	woud	syndrome.	We	have	brought	togeth	inform	on	864	affect	individu	in	164	famili	(includ	three	new	pedigrees)	report	in	the	137	year	period	sinc	1845	when	demarquay	first	describ	a	famili	with	what	wa	later	call	van	der	woud	syndrom	(vws).	both	type	of	oral	cleft,	cleft	palat	(cp)	and	cleft	lip	with	or	without	CP	(clp),	segreg	in	these	famili	togeth	with	lower	lip	pit	or	fistula	in	an	autosom	domin	mode	with	high	penetr	estim	to	be	K	=.	89	and.	99	by	differ	methods.	cleft	type	(clp	and	cp)	occur	in	vw	in	the	same	proport	as	in	the	gener	non-vw	population,	ie,	about	twice	as	mani	cleft-bear	individu	have	clp	as	have	cp.	On	the	other	hand,	we	do	not	find	the	usual	observ	excess	of	femal	with	CP	and	excess	of	male	with	clp;	in	vw	the	sex	ratio	are	more	nearli	equal.	lip	pit	also	are	equal	distribut	between	the	sexes.	affect	male	and	femal	are	equal	like	to	transmit	vws.	however,	there	is	an	excess	of	less	sever	affect	individu	among	transmitt	and	a	defici	of	more	sever	affected,	brought	about	by	a	proband	bia	and	differenti	fecundity.	the	express	of	vw	is	significantli	modifi	by	the	genet	background	more	extrem	phenotyp	in	parent	tend	to	produc	more	extrem	express	in	their	children.	for	a	vw	gene	carrier	the	rel	risk	of	transmit	a	cleft	is	26.	45%;	that	of	transmit	lower	lip	pit	is	23.	55%.	three	pedigre	of	lip	pit	in	the	literatur	show	no	cleft	among	a	signific	number	of	affect	individuals.	control	of	gene	express	in	vw	in	the	three	target	tissu	appear	to	be	independ	and	separ	designated.	mutat	rate	of	the	vw	gene	is	calcul	to	be	1.	8	X	10	(-5
2491010	molecular	and	phenotyp	analysi	of	patient	with	delet	within	the	deletion-rich	region	of	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene.	eighti	unrel	individu	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)or	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(bmd)	were	found	to	have	delet	in	the	major	deletion-rich	region	of	the	dmd	locus.	thi	region	includ	the	last	five	exon	detect	by	cdna5b-7,	all	exon	detect	by	cdna8,	and	the	first	two	exon	detect	by	cdna9.	these	80	individu	account	for	approxim	75%	of	109	delet	of	the	gene,	detect	among	181	patient	analyz	with	the	entir	dystrophin	cdna.	endpoint	for	mani	of	these	delet	were	further	character	use	two	genom	probes,	p20	(dxs269;	wapenaar	et	al.)	and	gmgx11	(dxs239;	present	paper).	clinic	find	are	present	for	all	80	patient	allow	a	correl	of	phenotyp	sever	with	the	genotype.	thirty-eight	independ	patient	were	old	enough	to	be	classifi	as	dmd,	bmd,	or	intermedi	phenotyp	and	had	delet	of	exon	with	sequenc	intron/exon	boundaries.	Of	these,	eight	bmd	patient	and	one	intermedi	patient	had	gene	delet	predict	to	leav	the	read	frame	intact,	while	21	dmd	patients,	7	intermedi	patients,	and	1	bmd	patient	had	gene	delet	predict	to	disrupt	the	read	frame.	thus,	with	two	exceptions,	frameshift	delet	of	the	gene	result	in	more	sever	phenotyp	than	did	in-fram	deletions.	thi	is	in	agreement	with	recent	find	by	baumbach	et	al.	and	koenig	et	al.	but	is	in	contrast	to	findings,	by	malhotra	et	al.	at	the	5	'	end	of	the	gene
10417279	proteolipoprotein	gene	analysi	in	82	patient	with	sporad	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease:	duplications,	the	major	caus	of	the	disease,	origin	more	frequent	in	male	germ	cells,	but	point	mutat	do	not.	the	clinic	european	network	on	brain	dysmyelin	disease.	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(pmd)	is	an	x-link	development	defect	of	myelin	affect	the	central	nervou	system	and	segreg	with	the	proteolipoprotein	(plp)	locus.	investig	82	strictli	select	sporad	case	of	pmd,	we	found	plp	mutat	in	77%;	complet	plp-gene	duplic	were	the	most	frequent	abnorm	(62%),	wherea	point	mutat	in	code	or	splice-sit	region	of	the	gene	were	involv	less	frequent	(38%).	We	analyz	the	matern	statu	of	56	case	to	determin	the	origin	of	both	type	of	plp	mutation,	sinc	thi	is	relev	to	genet	counseling.	In	the	22	point	mutations,	68%	of	mother	were	heterozyg	for	the	mutation,	a	valu	ident	to	the	two-third	of	carrier	mother	that	would	be	expect	if	there	were	an	equal	mutat	rate	in	male	and	femal	germ	cells.	In	sharp	contrast,	among	the	34	duplic	cases,	91%	of	mother	were	carriers,	a	valu	significantli	(chi2	=	9.	20,	P	<.	01)	in	favor	of	a	male	bias,	with	an	estim	of	the	male/femal	mutat	frequenc	(k)	of	9.	3	3.	moreover,	we	observ	the	occurr	of	de	novo	mutat	between	parent	and	grandparent	gener	in	17	three-gener	families,	which	allow	a	direct	estim	of	the	k	valu	(k	=	11).	again,	a	signific	male	mutat	imbal	wa	observ	onli	for	the	duplic
2569949	haplotyp	analysi	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	in	turkish	phenylketonuria	families.	We	have	estim	the	haplotyp	distribut	of	mutant	and	normal	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	allel	for	17	turkish	phenylketonuria	(pku)	famili	20	normal	and	27	mutat	pah	allel	could	be	identified.	Of	the	latter,	the	most	preval	were	associ	with	haplotyp	6	(29.	6%),	1	(18.	5%)	and	36	(11.	1%),	while	the	normal	allel	were	preferenti	associ	with	haplotyp	1	(20%).	Of	the	19	differ	haplotyp	observed,	5	have	not	been	describ	previously.	the	haplotyp	distribut	differ	significantli	from	that	of	the	northern	european	population.	two	of	the	eight	polymorph	site	were	in	associ	with	pku.	No	delet	of	exon	sequenc	were	found	in	the	famili	analys
7668252	clone	of	human	very-long-chain	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogenas	and	molecular	character	of	it	defici	in	two	patients.	two	overlap	cdna	clone	(1,	991	bp	and	736	bp,	respectively)	encod	the	precursor	of	human	mitochondri	very-long-chain	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogenas	(vlcad)	were	clone	and	sequenced.	the	cdna	insert	of	these	clone	togeth	encompass	a	region	of	2,	177	bases,	encod	the	entir	protein	of	655	amino	acids,	includ	a	40-amino	acid	leader	peptid	and	a	615-amino	acid	matur	polypeptide.	pcr-amplifi	vlcad	cdna	were	sequenc	in	cultur	fibroblast	from	two	vlcad-defici	patients.	In	both	patients,	a	105-bp	delet	encompass	base	1078-1182	in	vlcad	cdna	wa	identified.	the	delet	seem	to	occur	due	to	exon	skip	dure	process	of	vlcad	pre-mrna.	thi	is	the	first	demonstr	of	a	mutat	caus	vlcad	deficiency.	quantit	cdna	express	of	normal	human	vlcad	wa	perform	in	the	patient	fibroblasts,	use	vaccinia	viral	system,	which	demonstr	that	the	defici	of	the	normal	vlcad	protein	caus	impair	long-chain	fatti	acid	beta-oxid	activ	in	the	patient	fibroblasts.	In	patient	fibroblasts,	rais	vlcad	activ	to	approxim	20%	of	normal	control	fibroblast	activ	rais	palmit	acid	beta-oxid	flux	to	the	level	found	in	control	fibroblasts,	which	may	offer	import	inform	for	the	ration	design	of	futur	somat	gene	therapi	for	vlcad	deficiency.
2601691	mutat	in	the	rb1	gene	and	their	effect	on	transcription.	inactiv	of	both	allel	of	the	rb1	gene	dure	normal	retin	develop	initi	the	format	of	a	retinoblastoma	(rb)	tumor.	To	identifi	the	mutat	which	inactiv	rb1,	21	RB	tumor	isol	from	19	patient	were	analyz	with	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	or	an	rnase	protect	assay	or	both.	mutat	were	identifi	in	13	of	21	RB	tumors;	in	8	tumors,	the	precis	error	in	nucleotid	sequenc	were	characterized.	each	of	four	germ	line	mutat	involv	a	small	delet	or	duplication,	while	three	somat	mutat	were	point	mutat	lead	to	splice	alter	and	loss	of	an	exon	from	the	matur	rb1	mrna.	We	were	unabl	to	detect	express	of	the	mutant	allel	in	lymphoblast	of	three	bilater	affect	patients,	although	the	mutat	wa	present	in	the	genom	dna	and	transcript	contain	the	mutat	were	obviou	in	the	RB	tumor	in	the	absenc	of	a	normal	rb1	allele.	the	variat	in	the	level	of	express	of	mutant	transcript	suggest	deregul	of	rb1	transcript	in	the	absenc	of	a	function	rb1	gene	product.
1505982	resolut	of	the	two	loci	for	autosom	domin	aniridia,	an1	and	an2,	to	a	singl	locu	on	chromosom	11p13.	two	distinct	loci	have	been	propos	for	aniridia;	an1	for	autosom	domin	aniridia	on	chromosom	2p	and	an2	for	the	aniridia	in	the	wagr	contigu	gene	syndrom	on	chromosom	11p13.	In	thi	report,	the	kindr	segreg	for	autosom	domin	aniridia,	which	suggest	linkag	to	acid	phosphatase-1	(acp1)	and	led	to	the	assign	of	the	an1	locu	on	chromosom	2p,	ha	been	updat	and	expanded.	linkag	analysi	between	the	aniridia	phenotyp	and	acp1	doe	not	support	the	origin	linkag	results,	exclud	linkag	up	to	theta	=	0.	17	with	Z	=	-2.	test	for	linkag	to	other	chromosom	2p	markers.	apob,	d2s71,	d2s5,	and	d2s1,	also	exclud	linkag	to	aniridia.	marker	that	have	been	isol	from	the	chromosom	11p13	region	were	then	analyz	in	thi	aniridia	family.	two	rflp	at	the	d11s323	locu	give	signific	evid	for	linkage.	the	pvuii	polymorph	detect	by	probe	p5s1.	6	detect	no	recombinants,	with	a	maximum	lod	score	of	Z	=	6.	97	at	theta	=	0.	00	00.	the	haeiii	polymorph	detect	by	the	probe	p5be1.	2	give	a	maximum	lod	score	of	Z	=	2.	57	at	theta	=	0.	00	00.	locu	d11s325	give	a	lod	score	of	Z	=	1.	53	at	theta	=	0.	00	00.	these	data	suggest	that	a	locu	for	aniridia	(an1)	on	chromosom	2p	ha	been	misassign	and	that	thi	autosom	domin	aniridia	famili	is	segreg	for	an	aniridia	mutat	link	to	marker	in	the	11p13	region
3615198	GT	to	AT	transit	at	a	splice	donor	site	caus	skip	of	the	preced	exon	in	phenylketonuria.	classic	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	an	autosom	recess	human	genet	disord	caus	by	a	defici	of	hepat	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	We	isol	sever	mutant	pah	cdna	clone	from	a	pku	carrier	individu	and	show	that	they	contain	an	intern	116	base	pair	deletion,	correspond	precis	to	exon	12	of	the	human	chromosom	pah	gene.	the	delet	caus	the	synthesi	of	a	truncat	protein	lack	the	c-termin	52	amino	acids.	gene	transfer	and	express	studi	use	the	mutant	pah	cdna	indic	that	the	delet	abolish	pah	activ	in	the	cell	as	a	result	of	protein	instability.	To	determin	the	molecular	basi	of	the	deletion,	the	mutant	chromosom	pah	gene	wa	isol	from	thi	individu	and	shown	to	contain	a	gt--	greater	than	AT	substitut	at	the	5	splice	donor	site	of	intron	12.	thus,	the	consequ	of	the	splice	donor	site	mutat	in	the	human	liver	is	the	skip	of	the	preced	exon	dure	rna	splicing.
10521293	clinic	and	molecular	genet	analysi	of	19	wolfram	syndrom	kindr	demonstr	a	wide	spectrum	of	mutat	in	wfs1.	wolfram	syndrom	is	an	autosom	recess	neurodegen	disord	character	by	juvenile-onset	diabet	mellitu	and	progress	optic	atrophy.	mtdna	delet	have	been	described,	and	a	gene	(wfs1)	recent	ha	been	identified,	on	chromosom	4p16,	encod	a	predict	890	amino	acid	transmembran	protein.	direct	dna	sequenc	wa	done	to	screen	the	entir	code	region	of	the	wfs1	gene	in	30	patient	from	19	british	kindr	with	wolfram	syndrome.	dna	wa	also	screen	for	structur	rearrang	(delet	and	duplications)	and	point	mutat	in	mtdna.	No	pathogen	mtdna	mutat	were	found	in	our	cohort.	We	identifi	24	mutat	in	the	wfs1	gene	8	nonsens	mutations,	8	missens	mutations,	3	in-fram	deletions,	1	in-fram	insertion,	and	4	frameshift	mutations.	Of	these,	23	were	novel	mutations,	and	most	occur	in	exon	8.	the	major	of	patient	were	compound	heterozygot	for	two	mutations,	and	there	wa	no	common	founder	mutation.	the	data	were	also	analyz	for	genotype-phenotyp	relationships.	although	some	interest	case	were	noted,	consider	of	the	small	sampl	size	and	frequenc	of	each	mutat	indic	no	clear-cut	correl	between	ani	of	the	observ	mutat	and	diseas	severity.	there	were	no	obviou	mutat	hot	spot	or	clusters.	hence,	molecular	screen	for	wolfram	syndrom	in	affect	famili	and	for	wolfram	syndrome-carri	statu	in	subject	with	psychiatr	disord	or	diabet	mellitu	will	requir	complet	analysi	of	exon	8	and	upstream	exons.
10528860	matern	uniparent	disomi	for	chromosom	14	in	a	boy	with	a	normal	karyotype.	We	report	on	a	boy	with	a	matern	uniparent	disomi	for	chromosom	14	(upd	(14)).	At	7	year	of	age	he	wa	refer	to	us	by	the	paediatrician	becaus	of	symptom	of	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	He	show	short	stature,	obesity,	mild	development	delay,	cryptorchidism,	and	some	mild	dysmorph	features.	the	histori	further	indic	intrauterin	growth	retard	at	the	end	of	the	pregnancy.	hi	mother	wa	44	year	of	age	at	the	time	of	hi	birth.	after	birth	he	show	hypotonia	with	poor	sucking,	for	which	gavag	feed	wa	needed.	motor	develop	wa	delayed.	after	1	year	he	becam	obes	despit	a	normal	appetite.	recurr	middl	ear	infections,	a	high	pain	threshold,	and	a	great	skill	with	jigsaw	puzzl	were	reported.	there	were	no	behaviour	problem	or	sleep	disturbance.	chromosom	analysi	wa	normal	(46,	xy).	dna	analysi	for	prader-willi	syndrom	show	no	abnormalities.	two	year	later	he	wa	re-examin	becaus	we	thought	hi	featur	fit	the	pws-like	phenotyp	associ	with	matern	upd	(14).	At	that	time	precoci	puberti	wa	evident.	dna	analysi	show	matern	heterodisomi	for	chromosom	14.	In	all	the	previous	describ	11	case	with	matern	upd	(14),	a	robertsonian	transloc	involv	chromosom	14	wa	detect	cytogenet	befor	dna	analysis.	thi	is	the	first	report	of	diagnosi	of	matern	upd	(14)	base	on	clinic	features.	thi	find	underlin	the	import	of	dna	analysi	for	matern	upd	(14)	in	patient	with	a	similar	pws-like	phenotyp	even	without	previou	identif	of	a	robertsonian	transloc	involv	chromosom	14.
7611277	detect	of	eight	brca1	mutat	in	10	breast/ovarian	cancer	families,	includ	1	famili	with	male	breast	cancer.	genet	epidemiolog	evid	suggest	that	mutat	in	brca1	may	be	respons	for	approxim	one	half	of	earli	onset	famili	breast	cancer	and	the	major	of	famili	breast/ovarian	cancer.	the	recent	clone	of	brca1	allow	for	the	direct	detect	of	mutations,	but	the	feasibl	of	presymptomat	screen	for	cancer	suscept	is	unknown.	We	analyz	genom	dna	from	one	affect	individu	from	each	of	24	famili	with	at	least	three	case	of	ovarian	or	breast	cancer,	use	sscp	assays.	variant	sscp	band	were	subclon	and	sequenced.	allele-specif	oligonucleotid	hybrid	wa	use	to	verifi	sequenc	chang	and	to	screen	dna	from	control	individuals.	six	frameshift	and	two	missens	mutat	were	detect	in	10	differ	families.	A	frameshift	mutat	wa	detect	in	a	male	proband	affect	with	both	breast	and	prostat	cancer.	A	40-bp	delet	wa	detect	in	a	patient	who	develop	intra-abdomin	carcinomatosi	1	year	after	prophylact	oophorectomy.	mutat	were	detect	throughout	the	gene,	and	onli	one	wa	detect	in	more	than	a	singl	family.	these	result	provid	further	evid	that	inherit	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	can	occur	as	a	consequ	of	a	wide	array	of	brca1	mutations.	these	result	suggest	that	develop	of	a	screen	test	for	brca1	mutat	will	be	technic	challenging.	the	find	of	a	mutat	in	a	famili	with	male	breast	cancer,	not	previous	thought	to	be	relat	to	brca1,	also	illustr	the	potenti	difficulti	of	genet	counsel	for	individu	known	to	carri	mutations.
2729274	color	vision	defect	in	adrenomyeloneuropathy.	the	relationship	between	abnorm	color	vision	and	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn)	wa	investig	in	27	amn	patient	and	31	age-match	control	by	use	the	farnsworth-munsel	100	hue	test.	twelv	(44%)	of	27	patient	show	test	score	significantli	abov	normal.	the	axe	of	bipolar	determin	by	the	test	differ	wide	between	the	patient	with	abnorm	scores,	compat	with	the	notion	that	differ	alter	in	visual	pigment	gene	occur	in	differ	amn	kindreds.	these	observ	confirm	our	earlier	impress	that	the	frequenc	of	abnorm	color	vision	is	increas	in	these	kindreds,	and	it	support	our	content	that	(1)	amn	(and	it	companion,	adrenoleukodystrophy)	are	veri	close	link	to	the	visual	pigment	loci	at	xq28	and	(2)	thi	proxim	might	provid	the	opportun	to	observ	contigu	gene	defects.
3169738	pattern	of	exon	delet	in	duchenn	and	becker	muscular	dystrophy.	A	panel	of	patient	with	duchenn	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd	and	bmd)	ha	been	screen	with	the	cdna	probe	cf56a	and	cf23a,	which	detect	exon	in	the	central	part	of	the	dmd	gene.	one	or	more	exon	were	delet	in	60%	of	patients.	the	delet	were	map	and	prove	to	be	heterogen	in	size	and	extent,	particularli	in	dmd.	delet	specif	to	dmd	and	to	bmd	are	described.	half	of	all	bmd	patient	have	a	delet	of	one	particular	small	group	of	exons;	smaller	delet	within	thi	same	group	produc	the	more	sever	dmd.
7951327	the	lec	rat	ha	a	delet	in	the	copper	transport	atpas	gene	homolog	to	the	wilson	diseas	gene.	the	long-evan	cinnamon	(lec)	rat	show	similar	to	wilson	diseas	in	mani	clinic	and	biochem	features.	We	have	clone	cdna	for	the	rat	gene	(atp7b)	homolog	to	the	human	wilson	diseas	gene	(atp7b)	and	have	use	them	to	identifi	a	partial	delet	in	the	atp7b	gene	in	the	lec	rat.	the	delet	remov	at	least	900	bp	of	the	code	region	at	the	3	end,	includ	the	crucial	atp	bind	domain	and	extend	downstream	of	the	gene.	our	result	provid	convinc	evid	for	defin	the	lec	rat	as	an	anim	model	for	wilson	disease.	thi	model	will	be	import	for	studi	liver	pathophysiology,	for	develop	therapi	for	wilson	diseas	and	for	studi	the	pathway	of	copper	transport	and	it	possibl	interact	with	other	heavi	metals.
8440142	detect	of	a	new	submicroscop	norri	diseas	delet	interv	with	a	novel	dna	probe	isol	by	differenti	alu	pcr	fingerprint	cloning.	differenti	alu	pcr	fingerprint	clone	wa	use	to	isol	a	dna	probe	from	the	xp11.	4--	>	p11.	21	region	of	the	human	X	chromosome.	thi	novel	sequence,	cpxr318	(dxs742),	detect	a	new	submicroscop	delet	interv	at	the	norri	diseas	locu	(ndp).	combin	our	data	with	the	consensu	genet	map	of	the	proxim	short	arm	of	the	X	chromosome,	we	propos	the	physic	order	xcen-dxs14-dxs255-	(dxs426,	timp)	-	(dxs742-	([maob-maoa-dxs7],	ndp)	-dxs77-dxs228)	-dxs209-dxs148-dxs196-	+	+	+	xpter.	the	cpxr318	probe	and	a	subclon	from	a	cosmid	correspond	to	the	dxs7	locu	were	convert	into	sequence-tag	sites.	finally,	dxs742,	dsx7,	dxs77,	and	maoa	were	integr	into	a	physic	map	span	the	norri	diseas	locu
1731805	genet	analysi	of	a	japanes	famili	with	normotriglyceridem	abetalipoproteinemia	indic	a	lack	of	linkag	to	the	apolipoprotein	B	gene.	normotriglyceridem	abetalipoproteinemia	is	a	rare	famili	disord	character	by	an	isol	defici	of	apob-100.	We	have	previous	report	a	patient	with	thi	disease,	who	had	normal	apob-48	but	no	apob-100.	To	elucid	the	genet	abnorm	in	thi	family,	we	studi	the	linkag	of	apob	gene	use	three	genet	markers.	the	proband	and	her	affect	brother	show	complet	differ	apob	gene	alleles,	suggest	that	the	apob	gene	itself	is	not	relat	to	thi	disord	in	thi	family.	By	contrast,	an	american	case	had	a	point	substitut	in	the	apob	gene	gener	an	in-fram	stop	codon.	these	result	indic	that	thi	disord	can	be	caus	by	defect	(s)	of	either	an	apob	gene	or	other	genes.
10788334	founder	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene	in	polish	famili	with	breast-ovarian	cancer.	We	have	undertaken	a	hospital-bas	study,	to	identifi	possibl	brca1	and	brca2	founder	mutat	in	the	polish	population.	the	studi	group	consist	of	66	polish	famili	with	cancer	who	have	at	least	three	relat	femal	affect	with	breast	or	ovarian	cancer	and	who	had	cancer	diagnosed,	in	at	least	one	of	the	three	affect	females,	at	age	<	50	years.	A	total	of	26	famili	had	both	breast	and	ovarian	cancers,	4	famili	had	ovarian	cancer	only,	and	36	famili	had	breast	cancer	only.	genom	dna	wa	prepar	from	the	peripher	blood	leukocyt	of	at	least	one	affect	woman	from	each	family.	the	entir	code	region	of	brca1	and	brca2	wa	screen	for	the	presenc	of	germlin	mutations,	by	use	of	sscp	follow	by	direct	sequenc	of	observ	variants.	mutat	were	found	in	35	(53%)	of	the	66	famili	studied.	all	but	one	of	the	mutat	were	detect	within	the	brca1	gene.	brca1	abnorm	were	identifi	in	all	four	famili	with	ovarian	cancer	only,	in	67%	of	27	famili	with	both	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	and	in	34%	of	35	famili	with	breast	cancer	only.	the	singl	famili	with	a	brca2	mutat	had	the	breast-ovarian	cancer	syndrome.	seven	distinct	mutat	were	identified;	five	of	these	occur	in	two	or	more	families.	In	total,	recurr	mutat	were	found	in	33	(94%)	of	the	35	famili	with	detect	mutations.	three	brca1	abnorm	-	5382insc,	c61g,	and	4153dela	-	account	for	51%,	20%,	and	11%	of	the	identifi	mutations,	respectively.
7762560	new	founder	haplotyp	at	the	myoton	dystrophi	locu	in	southern	africa.	the	associ	between	normal	allel	at	the	ctg	repeat	and	two	nearbi	polymorph	in	the	myotonin	protein	kinas	gene,	the	alu	insertion/delet	polymorph	and	the	myoton	dystrophi	kinas	(dmk)	(g/t)	intron	9/hinfi	polymorphism,	ha	been	analyz	in	south	african	negroids,	a	popul	in	which	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	ha	not	been	described.	south	african	negroid	have	a	ctg	allel	distribut	that	is	significantli	differ	from	that	in	caucasoid	and	japanes	the	ctg	repeat	length	of	>	or	=	19	are	veri	rare.	the	strike	linkag	disequilibrium	between	specif	allel	at	the	alu	polymorph	(alu	(ins)	and	alu	(del)),	the	hinfi	polymorph	(hinfi-1	and	hinfi-2),	and	the	ctg	repeat	polymorph	seen	in	caucasoid	(european	and	canadians)	popul	wa	also	found	in	the	south	african	negroid	population.	numer	haplotypes,	not	previous	describ	in	europeans,	were,	however,	found.	It	thu	seem	like	that	onli	a	small	number	of	these	"	african	"	chromosom	were	present	in	the	progenitor	of	all	non-african	peoples.	these	data	provid	support	for	the	"	out	of	africa	"	model	for	the	origin	of	modern	human	and	suggest	that	the	rare	ancestr	DM	mutat	event	may	have	occur	after	the	migrat	from	africa,	henc	the	absenc	of	DM	in	sub-saharan	negroid	peoples.
7573040	mark	phenotyp	heterogen	associ	with	expans	of	a	cag	repeat	sequenc	at	the	spinocerebellar	ataxia	3/machado-joseph	diseas	locus.	the	spinocerebellar	ataxia	3	locu	(sca3)	for	type	I	autosom	domin	cerebellar	ataxia	(adca	type	i),	a	clinic	and	genet	heterogen	group	of	neurodegen	disorders,	ha	been	map	to	chromosom	14q32.	1	1.	adca	type	I	patient	from	famili	segreg	sca3	share	clinic	featur	in	common	with	those	with	machado-joseph	diseas	(mjd),	the	gene	of	which	map	to	the	same	region.	We	show	here	that	the	diseas	gene	segreg	in	each	of	three	french	adca	type	I	kindr	and	in	a	french	famili	with	neuropatholog	find	suggest	the	ataxochor	form	of	dentatorubropallidoluysian	atrophi	carri	an	expand	cag	repeat	sequenc	locat	at	the	same	locu	as	that	for	mjd.	analysi	of	the	mutat	in	these	famili	show	a	strong	neg	correl	between	size	of	the	expand	cag	repeat	and	age	at	onset	of	clinic	disease.	instabl	of	the	expand	triplet	repeat	wa	not	found	to	be	affect	by	sex	of	the	parent	transmit	the	mutation.	evid	wa	found	for	somat	and	gonad	mosaic	for	allel	carri	expand	trinucleotid	repeat
2309698	the	red-green	visual	pigment	gene	region	in	adrenoleukodystrophy.	although	recent	data	establish	that	a	specif	very-long-chain	fatti	acyl-coa	synthetas	is	defect	in	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald),	the	ald	gene	is	still	unidentified.	the	ald	locu	ha	been	map	to	xq28,	like	the	red	and	green	color	pigment	genes.	abnorm	color	vision	ha	been	observ	in	12	of	27	patient	with	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn),	a	milder	form	of	ald.	furthermore,	rearrang	of	the	color	vision	gene	cluster	were	found	in	four	of	eight	ald	kindreds.	thi	led	us	to	propos	that	a	singl	dna	rearrang	could	underli	both	ald	and	abnorm	color	vision	in	these	patients.	studi	of	34	french	ald	patient	fail	to	reveal	a	higher	than	expect	frequenc	of	green/r	visual	pigment	rearrang	3	to	the	red/green	color	vision	gene	complex.	the	previou	report	of	such	rearrang	wa	base	on	small	number	and	lack	of	knowledg	that	the	frequenc	of	"	abnorm	"	color	vision	array	on	molecular	analysi	wa	twice	as	high	as	expect	on	the	basi	of	the	frequenc	of	phenotyp	color	vision	defects.	the	red/green	color	pigment	(r/gcp)	region	wa	studi	by	pulsed-field	gel	electrophoresi	in	14	of	these	patients,	and	we	did	not	find	ani	fragment	size	differ	between	the	patient	and	normal	individu	who	have	the	same	number	of	pigment	genes.	the	r/gcp	region	wa	also	analyz	in	29	french	and	seven	north	american	ald	patient	by	use	six	genom	dna	probes,	isol	from	a	cosmid	walk,	that	flank	the	color	vision	genes.	No	delet	were	found	with	probe	that	lie	3	of	the	green	pigment	genes.	one	of	the	eight	previous	report	ald	individu	ha	a	long	delet	5	of	the	red	pigment	gene,	a	delet	caus	blue	cone	monochromacy.	thi	find	and	the	previou	find	of	a	45%	frequenc	of	phenotyp	color	vision	defect	in	patient	with	amn	may	suggest	that	the	ald/amn	gene	lie	5	to	the	red	pigment	gene	and	that	the	frequent	phenotyp	color	vision	anomali	owe	their	origin	to	delet	dna	that	includ	regulatori	gene	for	color	vision.	It	is	possible,	however,	that	phenotyp	color	vision	anomali	in	amn	may	be	phenocopi	secondari	to	retin	or	neural	involv	by	the	disease.	the	singl	case	of	blue	cone	monochromaci	may	therefor	be	a	fortuit	coincid	of	two	diseases.
10662807	haim-munk	syndrom	and	papillon-lefevr	syndrom	are	allel	mutat	in	cathepsin	C.	Of	the	mani	palmoplantar	keratoderma	(ppk)	conditions,	onli	papillon-lefevr	syndrom	(pls)	and	haim-munk	syndrom	(hms)	are	associ	with	prematur	periodont	destruction.	although	both	pl	and	hm	share	the	cardin	featur	of	ppk	and	sever	periodontitis,	a	number	of	addit	find	are	report	in	hm	includ	arachnodactyly,	acro-osteolysis,	atroph	chang	of	the	nails,	and	a	radiograph	deform	of	the	fingers.	while	pl	case	have	been	identifi	throughout	the	world,	hm	ha	onli	been	describ	among	descend	of	a	religi	isol	origin	from	cochin,	india.	parent	consanguin	is	a	characterist	of	mani	case	of	both	conditions.	although	autosom	recess	transmiss	of	pl	is	evident,	a	more	"	complex	"	autosom	recess	pattern	of	inherit	with	phenotyp	influenc	from	a	close	link	modifi	locu	ha	been	hypothesis	for	hms.	recently,	mutat	of	the	cathepsin	C	gene	have	been	identifi	as	the	underli	genet	defect	in	pls.	To	determin	if	a	cathepsin	C	mutat	is	also	respons	for	hms,	we	sequenc	the	gene	in	affect	and	unaffect	subject	from	the	cochin	isol	in	which	both	the	pl	and	hm	phenotyp	appear.	here	we	report	identif	of	a	mutat	of	cathepsin	C	(exon	6,	2127a--	>	G)	that	chang	a	highli	conserv	amino	acid	in	the	cathepsin	C	peptide.	thi	mutat	segreg	with	hm	in	four	nuclear	families.	additionally,	the	exist	of	a	share	common	haplotyp	for	genet	loci	flank	the	cathepsin	C	gene	suggest	that	affect	subject	descend	from	the	cochin	isol	are	homozyg	for	a	mutat	inherit	"	ident	by	descent	"	from	a	common	ancestor.	thi	find	support	simpl	autosom	recess	inherit	for	hm	in	these	families.	We	also	report	a	mutat	of	the	same	exon	6	ctsc	codon	(2126c--	>	T)	in	a	turkish	famili	with	classic	pls.	these	find	provid	evid	that	pl	and	hm	are	allel	variant	of	cathepsin	C	gene	mutations.
10377440	X	inactiv	and	somat	cell	select	rescu	femal	mice	carri	a	piga-nul	mutation.	A	somat	mutat	in	the	X	link	piga	gene	is	respons	for	the	defici	of	glycosyl	phosphatidylinositol	(gpi)	-anchor	protein	on	blood	cell	from	patient	with	paroxysm	nocturn	hemoglobinuria.	No	inherit	form	of	gpi-anchor	defici	ha	been	described.	becaus	convent	piga	gene	knockout	is	associ	with	high	embryon	lethal	in	chimer	mice,	we	use	the	cre/loxp	system.	We	gener	mice	in	which	two	loxp	site	flank	part	of	piga	exon	2.	after	crossbreed	with	femal	mice	of	the	eiia-cr	strain,	the	flox	allel	undergo	cre-medi	recombin	with	high	effici	dure	earli	embryon	development.	becaus	of	X	chromosom	inactivation,	femal	offspr	are	mosaic	for	cell	that	express	or	lack	gpi-link	proteins.	analysi	of	mosaic	mice	show	that	in	heart,	lung,	kidney,	brain,	and	liver,	mainli	wild-typ	piga	is	active,	suggest	that	these	tissu	requir	gpi-link	proteins.	the	salient	except	were	spleen,	thymus,	and	red	blood	cells,	which	had	almost	equal	number	of	cell	express	the	wild-typ	or	the	recombin	allele,	impli	that	gpi-link	protein	are	not	essenti	for	the	deriv	of	these	tissues.	piga	(-)	cell	had	no	growth	advantage,	suggest	that	other	factor	are	need	for	their	clonal	domin	in	patient	with	paroxysm	nocturn	hemoglobinuria.
1301161	the	norri	diseas	gene	map	to	a	150	kb	region	on	chromosom	xp11.3.	norri	diseas	is	a	human	x-link	recess	disord	of	unknown	etiolog	character	by	congenit	blindness,	sensori	neural	deaf	and	mental	retardation.	thi	diseas	gene	wa	previous	link	to	the	dxs7	(l1.	28)	locu	and	the	mao	gene	in	band	xp11.	3	3.	We	report	here	fine	physic	map	of	the	oblig	region	contain	the	norri	diseas	gene	(ndp)	defin	by	a	recombin	and	by	the	smallest	submicroscop	chromosom	delet	associ	with	norri	diseas	identifi	to	date.	analysis,	use	in	addit	two	overlap	yac	clone	from	thi	region,	allow	orient	of	the	maoa	and	maob	gene	in	a	5-3-3-5	configuration.	A	recombin	event	between	a	(gt)	n	polymorph	in	intron	2	of	the	maob	gene	and	the	ndp	locus,	in	a	famili	previous	report	to	have	a	recombin	between	dxs7	and	ndp,	delin	a	flank	marker	telomer	to	thi	diseas	gene.	An	anonym	dna	probe,	dc12,	present	in	one	of	the	yac	and	in	a	patient	with	a	submicroscop	delet	which	includ	maoa	and	maob	but	not	l1.	28,	serv	as	a	flank	marker	centromer	to	the	diseas	gene.	An	alu-pcr	fragment	from	the	right	arm	of	the	mao	yac	(ymao.	alur)	is	not	delet	in	thi	patient	and	also	delin	the	centromer	extent	of	the	oblig	diseas	region.	the	appar	order	of	these	loci	is	telomere.	dxs7-maoa-maob-ndp-dc12-ymao	dxs7-maoa-maob-ndp-dc12-ymao.	alur.	centromere.	togeth	these	data	defin	the	oblig	region	contain	the	ndp	gene	to	a	chromosom	segment	less	than	150	kb
2393028	molecular	genet	of	the	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	mediterranean	variant	and	descript	of	a	new	g6pd	mutant,	g6pd	andalus1361a.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd;	E.	C.	1.	1.	1.	49)	defici	is	the	most	common	human	enzymopathy;	more	than	300	differ	biochem	variant	of	the	enzym	have	been	described.	In	mani	part	of	the	world	the	mediterranean	type	of	g6pd	defici	is	prevalent.	however,	g6pd	mediterranean	ha	come	to	be	regard	as	a	gener	term	appli	to	similar	g6pd	mutat	thought,	however,	to	repres	a	somewhat	heterogen	group.	A	c----t	mutat	at	nucleotid	563	of	g6pd	mediterranean	ha	been	identifi	by	vulliami	et	al.,	and	the	same	mutat	ha	been	found	by	De	vita	et	al.	in	g6pd	mediterranean,	g6pd	sassari,	and	g6pd	cagliari.	the	latter	subject	had	an	addit	mutation,	at	nucleotid	1311,	that	did	not	produc	a	code	change.	We	have	examin	genom	dna	of	five	patients--four	of	spanish	origin	and	one	of	jewish	origin--hav	enzymat	document	g6pd	mediterranean.	all	had	both	the	mutat	at	nucleotid	563	and	that	at	nucleotid	1311.	A	sixth	sample,	resembl	g6pd	mediterranean	kinet	but	with	a	slightli	rapid	electrophoret	mobility,	wa	design	g6pd	andalu	and	wa	found	to	have	a	differ	mutation,	a	g----a	transit	at	nucleotid	1361,	produc	an	arginine-to-histidin	substitution.	these	studi	suggest	that	g6pd	mediterranean	is,	after	all,	rel	homogen
1303277	small	nuclear	ribonucleoprotein	polypeptid	N	(snrpn),	an	express	gene	in	the	prader-willi	syndrom	critic	region.	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	is	associ	with	patern	deriv	chromosom	delet	in	region	15q11-13	or	with	matern	disomi	for	chromosom	15.	therefore,	loss	of	the	express	patern	allel	of	matern	imprint	gene	must	be	respons	for	the	pw	phenotype.	We	have	map	the	gene	encod	the	small	nuclear	rna	associ	polypeptid	smn	(snrpn)	to	human	chromosom	15q12	and	a	process	pseudogen	snrpnp1	to	chromosom	region	6pter-p21.	furthermore,	snrpn	wa	map	to	the	minim	delet	interv	that	is	critic	for	pws.	the	fact	that	the	mous	snrpn	gene	is	matern	imprint	in	brain	suggest	that	loss	of	the	patern	deriv	snrpn	allel	may	be	involv	in	the	pw	phenotype.
10064668	increas	incid	of	cancer	in	patient	with	cartilage-hair	hypoplasia.	object	previou	report	have	suggest	an	increas	risk	of	cancer	among	patient	with	cartilage-hair	hypoplasia	(chh).	thi	studi	wa	carri	out	to	further	evalu	thi	risk	among	patient	with	chh	and	their	first-degre	relatives.	studi	design	one	hundr	twenty-two	patient	with	chh	were	identifi	through	2	countrywid	epidemiolog	survey	in	1974	and	in	1986.	their	parent	and	nonaffect	sibl	were	identifi	through	the	popul	regist	center.	thi	cohort	underw	follow-up	for	cancer	incid	through	the	finnish	cancer	registri	to	the	end	of	1995.	result	A	statist	signific	excess	risk	of	cancer	wa	seen	among	the	patient	with	chh	(standard	incid	ratio	6.	9,	95%	confid	interv	2.	3	to	16),	which	wa	mainli	attribut	to	non-hodgkin	lymphoma	(standard	incid	ratio	90,	95%	confid	interv	18	to	264).	In	addition,	a	signific	excess	risk	of	basal	cell	carcinoma	wa	seen	(standard	incid	ratio	35,	95%	confid	interv	7.	2	to	102).	the	cancer	incid	among	the	sibl	or	the	parent	did	not	differ	from	the	averag	cancer	incid	in	the	finnish	population.	conclus	thi	studi	confirm	an	increas	risk	of	cancer,	especi	non-hodgkin	lymphoma,	probabl	attribut	to	defect	immunity,	among	patient	with	chh
6540752	genet	polymorph	of	g6pd	in	a	bulgarian	population.	consider	genet	heterogen	in	g6pd	wa	found	in	the	bulgarian	population-14	g6pd	variant	isol	from	117	hemizyg	carrier	of	g6pd	deficiency.	Of	these,	g6pd	mediterranean	type	wa	a	polymorph	variant	and	g6pd	corinth	occur	with	high	frequency.	two	new	variant	were	identified-g6pd	rudosem	and	g6pd	nedelino.	In	a	select	group	of	78	subject	with	clinic	manifestations,	four	variant	were	establish	g6pd	mediterranian,	g6pd	corinth,	g6pd	seattl	and	g6pd	ohut	ii.
1349199	A	genet	etiolog	for	digeorg	syndrome:	consist	delet	and	microdelet	of	22q11.	digeorg	syndrom	(dgs),	a	development	field	defect	of	the	third	and	fourth	pharyng	pouches,	is	character	by	aplasia	or	hypoplasia	of	the	thymu	and	parathyroid	gland	and	by	conotrunc	cardiac	malformations.	cytogenet	studi	support	the	presenc	of	a	dg	critic	region	in	band	22q11.	In	the	present	study,	we	report	the	result	of	clinical,	cytogenetic,	and	molecular	studi	of	14	patient	with	dgs.	chromosom	analysis,	util	high-resolut	band	techniques,	detect	interstiti	delet	in	five	proband	and	wa	inconclus	for	a	delet	in	three	probands.	the	remain	six	patient	had	normal	karyotypes.	In	contrast,	molecular	analysi	detect	dna	delet	in	all	14	probands.	two	of	10	loci	tested,	d22s75	and	d22s259,	are	delet	in	all	14	patients.	A	third	locus,	d22s66,	is	delet	in	the	eight	dg	proband	tested.	physic	map	use	somat	cell	hybrid	place	d22s66	between	d22s75	and	d22s259,	suggest	that	it	should	be	delet	in	the	remain	six	cases.	parent-of-origin	studi	were	perform	in	five	families.	four	proband	fail	to	inherit	a	matern	allele,	and	one	fail	to	inherit	a	patern	allele.	On	the	basi	of	these	families,	and	of	six	matern	and	five	patern	deriv	unbalanced-transloc	dg	proband	in	the	literature,	parent	of	origin	or	imprint	doe	not	appear	to	play	an	import	role	in	the	pathogenesi	of	dgs.	delet	of	the	same	three	loci	in	all	14	dg	proband	begin	to	delin	the	region	of	chromosom	22	critic	for	dg	and	confirm	the	hypothesi	that	submicroscop	delet	of	22q11	are	etiolog	in	the	vast	major	of	cases.
1301146	characteris	of	a	new	rare	fragil	site	easili	confus	with	the	fragil	X.	A	new	fragil	site	(fraxe)	in	xq28	is	described.	It	appear	to	be	a	typic	folat	sensit	fragil	site.	the	fragil	site	is	not	associ	with	mental	retardation,	it	doe	not	give	abnorm	result	when	subject	to	southern	analysi	with	probe	pfxa3	which	detect	the	unstabl	dna	sequenc	characterist	of	fragil	X	syndrome.	In	situ	hybrid	map	locat	the	fragil	site	between	150	kb	and	600	kb	distal	to	fraxa.	the	distinct	between	the	two	fragil	site	is	import	clinic	sinc	cytogenet	detect	of	fraxe,	without	molecular	analysis,	could	result	in	misdiagnosi	of	fragil	X	syndrome.
7939630	brca1	mutat	in	primari	breast	and	ovarian	carcinomas.	loss	of	heterozygos	data	from	famili	tumor	suggest	that	brca1,	a	gene	that	confer	suscept	to	ovarian	and	early-onset	breast	cancer,	encod	a	tumor	suppressor.	the	brca1	region	is	also	subject	to	allel	loss	in	sporad	breast	and	ovarian	cancers,	an	indic	that	brca1	mutat	may	occur	somat	in	these	tumors.	the	brca1	code	region	wa	examin	for	mutat	in	primari	breast	and	ovarian	tumor	that	show	allel	loss	at	the	brca1	locus.	mutat	were	detect	in	3	of	32	breast	and	1	of	12	ovarian	carcinomas;	all	four	mutat	were	germlin	alter	and	occur	in	early-onset	cancers.	these	result	suggest	that	mutat	of	brca1	may	not	be	critic	in	the	develop	of	the	major	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	that	aris	in	the	absenc	of	a	mutant	germlin	allele.
8307570	genom	structur	of	the	ew	gene	and	it	relationship	to	ewsr1,	a	site	of	tumor-associ	chromosom	translocation.	the	ew	gene	ha	been	identifi	base	on	it	locat	at	the	chromosom	22	breakpoint	of	the	t	(11;	22)	(q24;	q12)	transloc	that	character	ewe	sarcoma	and	relat	neuroectoderm	tumors.	the	ew	gene	span	about	40	kb	of	dna	and	is	encod	by	17	exons.	the	nucleotid	sequenc	of	the	exon	is	ident	to	that	of	the	previous	describ	cdna.	the	first	7	exon	encod	the	n-termin	domain	of	ews,	which	consist	of	a	repeat	degener	polypeptid	of	7	to	12	residu	rich	in	tyrosine,	serine,	threonine,	glycine,	and	glutamine.	exon	11,	12,	and	13	encod	the	put	rna	bind	domain.	the	three	glycine-	and	arginine-rich	motif	of	the	gene	are	mainli	encod	by	exon	8-9,	14,	and	16.	the	dna	sequenc	in	the	5	region	of	the	gene	ha	featur	of	a	cpg-rich	island	and	lack	canon	promot	elements,	such	as	tata	and	ccaat	consensu	sequences.	posit	of	the	chromosom	22	breakpoint	were	determin	for	19	ewe	tumors.	they	were	local	in	intron	7	or	8	in	18	case	and	in	intron	10	in	1	case.
8364574	pax6	mutat	in	aniridia.	aniridia	is	a	congenit	malform	of	the	eye,	chiefli	characteris	by	iri	hypoplasia,	which	can	caus	blindness.	the	pax6	gene	wa	isol	as	a	candid	aniridia	gene	by	posit	clone	from	the	smallest	region	of	overlap	of	aniridia-associ	deletions.	subsequ	pax6	intragen	mutat	were	demonstr	in	smalleye,	a	mous	mutant	which	is	an	anim	model	for	aniridia,	and	six	human	aniridia	patients.	In	thi	paper	we	describ	four	addit	pax6	point	mutat	in	aniridia	patients,	both	sporad	and	familial.	these	mutat	highlight	region	of	the	gene	which	are	essenti	for	normal	pax6	function.	In	addition,	the	frequenc	at	which	we	have	found	pax6	mutat	suggest	that	lesion	in	pax6	will	account	for	most	case	of	aniridia.
8111379	mutat	in	the	pax6	gene	in	patient	with	hereditari	aniridia.	the	14	exon	of	the	pax6	gene	have	been	analys	exon-by-exon	use	sscp	in	6	aniridia	families.	In	each	famili	band	shift	were	observ	on	the	sscp	gel	for	onli	one	exon	and	direct	pcr-sequenc	reveal	mutat	in	each	case.	two	mutat	involv	c--	>	T	transit	in	cgaarg	codon	in	exon	9	and	11.	anoth	c--	>	T	transit	convert	a	cag-glutamin	to	a	tag-stop	in	exon	7.	small	insert	creat	frameshift	which	produc	downstream	stop	codon	in	anoth	two	patient	and	an	a--	>	T	mutat	disrupt	the	splice	donor	site	of	exon	5	in	the	remain	family.	thus,	complet	inactiv	of	the	pax6	gene	is	predict	in	all	cases.	analysi	of	other	affect	member	of	the	famili	show	that,	in	each	case,	all	affect	individu	carri	the	same	family-specif	mutation.	one	polymorph	wa	found	in	exon	7.	thi	data	strongli	support	the	candidatur	of	pax6	as	the	gene	respons	for	hereditari	aniridia.
10735274	locu	heterogen	in	friedreich	ataxia.	friedreich	ataxia	(frda)	is	the	most	common	form	of	autosom	recess	ataxia.	the	diseas	locu	wa	assign	to	chromosom	9	and	the	diseas	gene,	stm7/x25,	ha	been	isolated.	To	date	most	data	suggest	locu	homogen	in	frda.	We	now	provid	strong	evid	of	a	second	frda	locus.	studi	two	sibl	with	frda	from	two	famili	we	did	not	detect	a	mutat	in	stm7/x25.	haplotyp	analysi	of	the	stm7/x25	region	of	chromosom	9	demonstr	that	the	relev	portion	of	chromosom	9	differ	in	the	patients.	although	the	patient	studi	had	typic	frda,	one	sibpair	had	the	uncommon	symptom	of	retain	tendon	reflexes.	In	order	to	investig	whether	retain	tendon	reflex	are	characterist	of	frda	caus	by	the	second	locus,	frda2,	we	studi	an	unrel	frda	patient	with	retain	tendon	reflexes.	the	observ	of	typic	mutat	in	stm7/x25	(gaa	expansions)	in	thi	patient	demonstr	that	the	two	genet	differ	form	of	frda	cannot	be	distinguish	clinically.
10767326	haploinsuffici	of	the	transcript	factor	foxc1	and	foxc2	result	in	aberr	ocular	development.	anterior	segment	development	disorders,	includ	axenfeld-rieg	anomali	(ara),	variabl	associ	with	harm	elev	intraocular	pressur	(iop),	which	caus	glaucoma.	clinic	observ	dysgenesi	doe	not	correl	with	iop,	however,	and	the	etiolog	of	glaucoma	develop	is	not	understood.	the	forkhead	transcript	factor	gene	foxc1	(formerli	mf1)	and	foxc2	(formerli	mfh1)	are	express	in	the	mesenchym	from	which	the	ocular	drainag	structur	derive.	mutat	in	the	human	homolog	of	foxc1,	fkhl7,	caus	domin	anterior	segment	defect	and	glaucoma	in	variou	families.	We	show	that	foxc1	(+/-)	mice	have	anterior	segment	abnorm	similar	to	those	report	in	human	patients.	these	abnorm	includ	small	or	absent	schlemm	canal,	aberrantli	develop	trabecular	meshwork,	iri	hypoplasia,	sever	eccentr	pupil	and	displac	schwalb	line.	the	penetr	of	clinic	obviou	abnorm	vari	with	genet	background.	In	some	affect	eyes,	collagen	bundl	were	half	normal	diameter,	or	collagen	and	elast	tissu	were	veri	sparse.	thus,	abnorm	in	extracellular	matrix	synthesi	or	organ	may	contribut	to	develop	of	the	ocular	phenotypes.	despit	the	abnorm	in	ocular	drainag	structur	in	foxc1	(+/-)	mice,	iop	wa	normal	in	almost	all	mice	analyzed,	on	all	genet	background	and	at	all	ages.	similar	abnorm	were	found	in	foxc2	(+/-)	mice,	but	no	disease-associ	mutat	were	identifi	in	the	human	homolog	fkhl14	in	32	ara	patients.	foxc1	(+/-)	and	foxc2	(+/-)	mice	are	use	model	for	studi	anterior	segment	develop	and	it	anomalies,	and	may	allow	identif	of	gene	that	interact	with	foxc1	and	foxc2	(or	fkhl7	and	fkhl14)	to	produc	a	phenotyp	with	elev	iop	and	glaucoma.
10446987	the	dermatofibrosarcoma	protuberans-associ	collagen	type	ialpha1/platelet-deriv	growth	factor	(pdgf)	b-chain	fusion	gene	gener	a	transform	protein	that	is	process	to	function	pdgf-bb.	dermatofibrosarcoma	protuberan	(dfsp)	display	chromosom	rearrang	involv	chromosom	17	and	22,	which	fuse	the	collagen	type	ialpha1	(colia1)	gene	to	the	platelet-deriv	growth	factor	(pdgf)	b-chain	(pdgfb)	gene.	To	character	the	function	and	structur	properti	of	the	colia1/pdgfb	fusion	protein,	we	gener	a	stabl	nih3t3	cell	line	that	contain	a	tumor-deriv	chimer	gene	result	from	a	coia1	intron	7-pdgfb	intron	1	fusion.	express	of	the	fusion	protein	led	to	morpholog	transform	and	increas	growth	rate	of	these	cells.	the	pdgf	receptor	kinas	inhibitor	cgp57148b	revers	the	transform	phenotyp	and	reduc	the	growth	rate	of	colia1/pdgfb-express	cell	but	had	no	effect	on	control	cells.	the	presenc	of	dimer	colia1/pdgfb	precursor	wa	demonstr	through	pdgfb	immunoprecipit	of	metabol	label	cell	and	also	by	pdgfb	immunoprecipit	follow	by	immunoblot	with	colia1	antibodies.	pulse-chas	studi	demonstr	that	the	colia1/pdgfb	precursor	wa	process	to	an	end	product	that	wa	indistinguish	from	wild-typ	pdgf-bb.	finally,	colia1/pdgfb-express	cell	gener	tumor	after	s.	c	c.	inject	into	nude	mice,	and	tumor	growth	wa	reduc	by	treatment	with	cgp57148b.	We	conclud	that	the	colia1/pdgfb	fusion	associ	with	dfsp	contribut	to	tumor	develop	through	ectop	product	of	pdgf-bb	and	the	format	of	an	autocrin	loop.	our	findings,	thus,	suggest	that	pdgf	receptor	could	be	a	target	for	pharmacolog	treatment	of	dfsp	and	giant	cell	fibroblastoma,	e.	g.,	through	the	use	of	pdgf	receptor	kinas	inhibitor	such	as	cgp57148b
2006152	founder	effect	of	a	preval	phenylketonuria	mutat	in	the	orient	population.	A	missens	mutat	ha	been	identifi	in	the	human	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	[pah;	phenylalanin	4-monooxygenase;	l-phenylalanine,	tetrahydrobiopterin	oxygen	oxidoreductas	(4-hydroxylating),	EC	1.	14.	16.	1]	gene	in	a	chines	patient	with	classic	phenylketonuria	(pku).	A	g-to-c	transit	at	the	second	base	of	codon	413	in	exon	12	of	the	gene	result	in	the	substitut	of	pro413	for	arg413	in	the	mutant	protein.	thi	mutat	(r413p)	result	in	neglig	enzymat	activ	when	express	in	heterolog	mammalian	cell	and	is	compat	with	a	classic	pku	phenotyp	in	the	patient.	popul	genet	studi	reveal	that	thi	mutat	is	tightli	link	to	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	haplotyp	4,	which	is	the	predomin	haplotyp	of	the	pah	locu	in	the	orient	population.	It	account	for	13.	8%	of	northern	chines	and	27%	of	japanes	pku	alleles,	but	it	is	rare	in	southern	chines	(2.	2%)	and	is	absent	in	the	caucasian	population.	the	data	demonstr	unambigu	that	the	mutat	occur	after	racial	diverg	of	orient	and	caucasian	and	suggest	that	the	allel	ha	spread	throughout	the	orient	by	a	founder	effect.	previou	protein	polymorph	studi	in	eastern	asia	have	led	to	the	hypothesi	that	"	northern	mongoloid	"	repres	a	found	popul	in	asia.	our	result	are	compat	with	thi	hypothesi	in	that	the	pku	mutat	might	have	occur	in	northern	mongoloid	and	subsequ	spread	to	the	chines	and	japanes	popul
10528243	late-onset	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf):	a	subset	with	distinct	clinical,	demographic,	and	molecular	genet	characteristics.	To	determin	the	preval	and	character	demographic,	clinical,	and	genet	featur	of	famili	mediterranean	fever	(fmf)	of	late	onset,	all	patient	experienc	their	first	fmf	attack	at	age	40	year	or	more	were	identifi	use	the	computer	registri	of	our	fmf	clinic,	and	then	thoroughli	interview	and	examined.	the	control	group	consist	of	40	consecut	fmf	patients,	who	arriv	at	the	fmf	clinic	for	their	regular	follow-up	visit	and	were	40	year	of	age	or	older	at	the	time	of	the	examination.	the	sever	of	the	diseas	in	patient	and	control	wa	determin	use	a	modifi	score,	develop	previously.	mutat	analysi	in	the	fmf	gene	wa	perform	use	a	commerci	kit.	onli	20	of	4000	(0.	5%)	patient	had	late-onset	fmf.	these	patient	were	mostli	men,	of	non-north	african	origin,	P	<	0.	05	compar	to	controls.	all	had	abdomin	attack	and	in	most	these	were	the	onli	manifest	of	their	disease,	P	<	0.	001	001.	none	had	chronic	or	prolong	manifest	of	fmf,	for	example,	amyloidosis,	chronic	arthritis,	or	protract	myalgia,	P	<	0.	001.	the	respons	to	treatment	wa	good	despit	use	low	colchicin	dose,	P	<	0.	05.	the	overal	sever	score	indic	a	mild	disease,	P	<	0.	001.	mutat	analysi	reveal	absenc	of	m694v	homozygosity,	P	<	0.	01,	compar	to	our	regular	fmf	population.	We	conclud	that	the	onset	of	fmf	in	a	late	age	defin	a	milder	form	of	diseas	with	typic	clinical,	demographic,	and	molecular	genet	characterist
8195156	structur	of	the	human	na+/glucos	cotransport	gene	sglt1.	intestin	uptak	of	dietari	glucos	and	galactos	is	mediat	by	the	sglt1	Na	+/glucos	cotransport	of	the	brush	border.	An	sglt1	missens	mutat	underli	hereditari	glucose/galactos	malabsorption,	character	by	potenti	fatal	diarrhea;	conversely,	oral	rehydr	therapi	exploit	normal	transport	to	allevi	life-threaten	diarrhea	of	infecti	origin.	We	have	map	the	entir	human	sglt1	Na	+/glucos	cotransport	gene	from	cosmid	and	lambda	phage	clone	repres	a	genom	region	of	112	kilobases.	transcript	initi	occur	from	a	site	27	base	pair	3	of	a	tataa	sequence.	all	exon-flank	region	were	sequenced,	and	the	entir	112-kilobas	region	map	with	four	restrict	enzymes.	sglt1	is	compris	of	15	exon	(span	72	kilobases);	a	possibl	evolutionari	origin	from	a	six-membrane-span	ancestr	precursor	via	a	gene	duplic	event	is	suggest	from	comparison	of	exon	against	protein	secondari	structur	and	from	sequenc	considerations.	A	new	missens	mutat	in	exon	1	caus	glucose/galactos	malabsorpt	is	also	described.	thi	is	the	first	Na	(+)	-depend	cotransport	gene	structur	reported.	these	data	facilit	the	search	for	new	glucose/galactos	malabsorption-rel	mutat	in	thi	import	gene	and	provid	a	basi	for	futur	evolutionari	comparison	with	other	Na	(+)	-depend	cotransporters.
10766245	atm	phosphoryl	p95/nbs1	in	an	s-phase	checkpoint	pathway.	the	rare	diseas	ataxia-telangiectasia	(at),	caus	by	mutat	in	the	atm	gene,	and	nijmegen	breakag	syndrom	(nbs),	with	mutat	in	the	p95/nbs1	gene,	share	a	varieti	of	phenotyp	abnorm	such	as	chromosom	instability,	radiat	sensit	and	defect	in	cell-cycl	checkpoint	in	respons	to	ioniz	radiation.	the	atm	gene	encod	a	protein	kinas	that	is	activ	by	ioniz	radiat	or	radiomimet	drugs,	wherea	p95/nbs1	is	part	of	a	protein	complex	that	is	involv	in	respons	to	dna	double-strand	breaks.	here,	becaus	of	the	similar	between	AT	and	nbs,	we	evalu	the	function	interact	between	atm	and	p95/nbs1.	activ	of	the	atm	kinas	by	ioniz	radiat	and	induct	of	atm-depend	respons	in	nb	cell	indic	that	p95/nbs1	may	not	be	requir	for	signal	to	atm	after	ioniz	radiation.	however,	p95/nbs1	wa	phosphoryl	on	serin	343	in	an	atm-depend	manner	in	vitro	and	in	vivo	after	ioniz	radiation.	A	p95/nbs1	construct	mutat	at	the	atm	phosphoryl	site	abrog	an	s-phase	checkpoint	induc	by	ioniz	radiat	in	normal	cell	and	fail	to	compens	for	thi	function	defici	in	nb	cells.	these	observ	link	atm	and	p95/nbs1	in	a	common	signal	pathway	and	provid	an	explan	for	phenotyp	similar	in	these	two	diseases.
1671881	two	distinct	mutat	at	a	singl	bamhi	site	in	phenylketonuria.	classic	phenylketonuria	is	an	autosom	recess	diseas	caus	by	a	defici	of	hepat	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	the	abolit	of	an	invari	bamhi	site	locat	in	the	code	sequenc	of	the	pah	gene	(exon	7)	led	to	the	recognit	of	two	new	point	mutat	at	codon	272	and	273	(272gly----stop	and	273ser----phe,	respectively).	both	mutat	were	detect	in	north	eastern	franc	or	belgium	and	occur	on	the	background	of	rflp	haplotyp	7	alleles.	the	present	studi	support	the	view	that	the	clinic	heterogen	in	pku	is	account	for	by	the	larg	varieti	of	mutant	genotyp	associ	with	pah	deficiencies.
10839544	function	link	between	ataxia-telangiectasia	and	nijmegen	breakag	syndrom	gene	products.	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	and	nijmegen	breakag	syndrom	(nbs)	are	recess	genet	disord	with	suscept	to	cancer	and	similar	cellular	phenotypes.	the	protein	product	of	the	gene	respons	for	a-t,	design	atm,	is	a	member	of	a	famili	of	kinas	character	by	a	carboxy-termin	phosphatidylinositol	3-kinase-lik	domain.	the	nbs1	protein	is	specif	mutat	in	patient	with	nijmegen	breakag	syndrom	and	form	a	complex	with	the	dna	repair	protein	rad50	and	mrel1.	here	we	show	that	phosphoryl	of	nbs1,	induc	by	ioniz	radiation,	requir	catalyt	activ	atm.	complex	contain	atm	and	nbs1	exist	in	vivo	in	both	untreat	cell	and	cell	treat	with	ioniz	radiation.	We	have	identifi	two	residu	of	nbs1,	ser	278	and	ser	343	that	are	phosphoryl	in	vitro	by	atm	and	whose	modif	in	vivo	is	essenti	for	the	cellular	respons	to	dna	damage.	thi	respons	includ	s-phase	checkpoint	activation,	format	of	the	nbs1/mrel1/rad50	nuclear	foci	and	rescu	of	hypersensit	to	ioniz	radiation.	together,	these	result	demonstr	a	biochem	link	between	cell-cycl	checkpoint	activ	by	dna	damag	and	dna	repair	in	two	genet	diseas	with	overlap	phenotypes.
8499920	structur	and	genom	sequenc	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	(dm	kinase)	gene.	the	mutat	caus	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	ha	recent	been	identifi	as	an	unstabl	ctg	trinucleotid	repeat	locat	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	a	gene	encod	for	a	protein	with	put	serine-threonin	protein	kinas	activity.	In	thi	report	we	present	the	genom	sequenc	of	the	human	and	murin	DM	kinas	gene.	A	comparison	of	these	sequenc	with	each	other	and	with	known	cdna	sequenc	from	both	species,	led	us	to	predict	a	translat	initi	codon,	as	well	as	determin	the	organ	of	the	DM	kinas	gene.	sever	polymorph	within	the	human	DM	kinas	gene	have	been	identified,	and	pcr	assay	to	detect	two	of	these	are	described.	the	complet	sequenc	and	character	of	the	structur	of	the	DM	kinas	gene,	as	well	as	the	identif	of	novel	polymorph	within	the	gene,	repres	an	import	step	in	a	further	understand	of	the	genet	of	myoton	dystrophi	and	the	molecular	biolog	of	the	gene.
10712201	identif	of	novel	imprint	transcript	in	the	prader-willi	syndrom	and	angelman	syndrom	delet	region:	further	evid	for	region	imprint	control.	delet	and	other	abnorm	of	human	chromosom	15q11-q13	are	associ	with	two	development	disorders,	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	and	angelman	syndrom	(as).	loss	of	express	of	imprinted,	patern	express	gene	ha	been	implic	in	pws.	however,	the	number	of	imprint	gene	that	contribut	to	pws,	and	the	rang	over	which	the	imprint	signal	act	to	silenc	one	copi	of	the	gene	in	a	parent-of-origin-specif	manner,	are	unknown.	To	identifi	addit	imprint	gene	that	could	contribut	to	the	pw	phenotyp	and	to	understand	the	region	control	of	imprint	in	15q11-q13,	we	have	construct	an	imprint	transcript	map	of	the	pws-a	delet	interval.	the	imprint	statu	of	22	express	sequenc	tag	deriv	from	the	radiation-hybrid	human	transcript	map	or	physic	map	wa	determin	in	a	revers	transcriptase-pcr	assay	and	correl	with	the	posit	of	the	transcript	on	the	physic	map.	seven	new	patern	express	transcript	local	to	an	approxim	1.	5-mb	domain	surround	the	snrpn-associ	imprint	center,	which	alreadi	includ	four	imprinted,	patern	express	genes.	all	other	test	new	transcript	in	the	delet	region	were	express	from	both	alleles.	A	domain	of	exclus	patern	express	surround	the	imprint	center	suggest	strong	region	control	of	the	imprint	process.	thi	studi	provid	the	mean	for	further	investig	of	addit	gene	that	caus	or	modifi	the	phenotyp	associ	with	rearrang	of	15q11-q13
10441573	penetr	of	brca1	1675dela	and	1135insa	with	respect	to	breast	cancer	and	ovarian	cancer.	for	genet	counsel	and	predict	test	in	famili	with	inherit	breast-ovarian	cancer,	penetr	and	express	of	the	underli	mutat	should	be	known.	We	have	previous	report	two	brca1	founder	mutat	in	the	norwegian	population.	index	case	for	the	present	studi	were	found	two	differ	way	through	a	seri	of	consecut	ovarian	cancer	(n	=	16)	and	through	our	famili	cancer	clinic	(n	=	14).	altogether,	20	of	the	patient	had	brca1	1675dela,	and	10	had	1135insa.	their	rel	were	describ	with	respect	to	absence/pres	of	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer.	Of	133	live	femal	relatives,	83	(62%)	were	test	for	the	presenc	of	a	mutation.	No	difference,	in	penetr	and	expression,	between	the	two	mutat	were	found,	wherea	differ	accord	to	method	of	ascertain	were	seen.	the	overal	find	were	that	diseas	start	to	occur	at	age	30	year	and	that	by	age	50	year	48%	of	the	mutation-carri	women	had	experienc	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer.	more	ovarian	cancer	than	breast	cancer	were	recorded.	both	penetr	and	express	(breast	cancer	vs.	ovarian	cancer)	were	differ	from	those	in	report	of	the	ashkenazi	founder	mutations.	whether	the	report	differ	reflect	true	differ	and/or	methodolog	problem	is	discussed.	An	observ	excess	of	mutat	carrier	could	not	be	account	for	by	methodolog	problems;	possibl	explan	were	a	"	true	"	low	penetr	or	preferenti	segregation.
7535801	molecular	basi	of	subtot	complement	C6	deficiency.	A	carboxy-termin	truncat	but	function	activ	c6.	individu	with	subtot	complement	C6	defici	possess	a	C6	molecul	that	is	14%	shorter	than	normal	C6	and	present	in	low	but	detect	concentr	(1-2%	of	the	normal	mean).	We	now	show	that	thi	dysmorph	C6	is	bactericid	activ	and	lack	an	epitop	that	wa	map	to	the	most	carboxy-termin	part	of	C6	use	C6	cdna	fragment	express	as	fusion	protein	in	the	puex	express	system.	We	thu	predict	that	the	abnorm	C6	molecul	might	be	carboxy-termin	truncat	and	sought	a	mutat	in	an	area	approxim	14%	from	the	carboxy-termin	end	of	the	code	sequence.	By	sequenc	pcr-amplifi	product	from	thi	region,	we	found,	in	three	individu	from	two	families,	a	mutat	that	might	plausibl	be	respons	for	the	defect.	all	three	have	an	abnorm	5	splice	donor	site	of	intron	15,	which	would	probabl	prevent	splicing.	An	in-fram	stop	codon	is	found	17	codon	downstream	from	the	intron	boundary,	which	would	lead	to	a	truncat	polypeptid	13.	5%	smaller	than	normal	c6.	thi	result	wa	unexpected,	as	earlier	studi	map	the	c5b	bind	site,	or	a	put	enzymat	region,	to	thi	part	of	c6.	interestingly,	all	three	subject	were	probabl	heterozyg	for	both	subtot	C6	and	complet	C6	defici
10408776	mutat	of	the	vhl	gene	in	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma:	definit	of	a	risk	factor	for	vhl	patient	to	develop	an	rcc.	To	investig	the	natur	of	somat	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	mutations,	we	analyz	173	primari	sporad	human	renal	cell	carcinoma	for	mutat	of	the	vhl	tumor	suppressor	gene,	use	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	and	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	(sscp)	of	dna.	We	detect	abnorm	sscp	pattern	in	73	samples.	after	sequencing,	we	identifi	microdelet	in	58%	of	cases,	microinsert	in	17%,	nonsens	mutat	in	8%,	and	missens	mutat	in	17%.	among	these	mutations,	50%	correspond	to	new	mutations.	vhl	mutat	were	found	onli	in	the	nonpapillari	renal	cell	carcinoma	(rcc)	subtype,	as	previous	reported.	To	compar	somat	and	germlin	mutations,	we	use	the	vhl	database,	which	includ	507	mutations.	the	studi	of	mutat	event	reveal	a	signific	differ	between	somat	and	germlin	mutat	with	mutat	lead	to	truncat	protein	observ	in	78%	of	somat	mutat	vs	onli	37%	in	germlin	mutat	(P	<	0.	001).	We	postul	that	a	specif	pattern	of	vhl	mutat	is	associ	with	sporad	rcc.	thi	pattern	correspond	to	mutat	lead	mainli	to	truncat	protein	with	few	specif	missens	mutations.	We	then	analyz	the	occurr	of	rcc	in	vhl	families,	base	on	the	natur	of	mutations.	We	observ	rcc	in	at	least	one	member	of	the	vhl	famili	in	77%	of	case	with	mutat	lead	to	truncat	protein	versu	55%	in	case	with	missens	mutat	(P	<	0.	05).	thus,	mutat	result	in	truncat	protein	may	lead	to	a	higher	risk	of	rcc	in	vhl	patient
10911990	myoton	dystrophy:	the	role	of	the	cug	triplet	repeat	in	splice	of	a	novel	dmpk	exon	and	alter	cytoplasm	dmpk	mrna	isoform	ratios.	the	mechan	by	which	(ctg)	n	expans	in	the	3	utr	of	the	dmpk	gene	caus	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	unknown.	We	identifi	four	rna	splice	factors--hnrnp	C,	u2af	(u2	auxiliari	factor),	ptb	(polypyrimidin	tract	bind	protein),	and	psf	(ptb	associ	splice	factor)	--that	bind	to	two	short	region	3	of	the	(cug)	n,	and	found	a	novel	3	dmpk	exon	result	in	an	mrna	lack	the	repeats.	We	propos	that	the	(cug)	n	is	an	essenti	ci	act	element	for	thi	splice	event.	In	contrast	to	(cug)	n	contain	mrnas,	the	novel	isoform	is	not	retain	in	the	nucleu	in	DM	cells,	result	in	imbal	in	rel	level	of	cytoplasm	dmpk	mrna	isoform	and	a	new	domin	effect	of	the	mutat	on	dmpk.
10077651	mechan	of	increas	iron	absorpt	in	murin	model	of	hereditari	hemochromatosi	:	increas	duoden	express	of	the	iron	transport	dmt1.	hereditari	hemochromatosi	(hh)	is	a	common	autosom	recess	disord	character	by	tissu	iron	deposit	secondari	to	excess	dietari	iron	absorption.	We	recent	report	that	hfe,	the	protein	defect	in	hh,	wa	physic	associ	with	the	transferrin	receptor	(tfr)	in	duoden	crypt	cell	and	propos	that	mutat	in	hfe	attenu	the	uptak	of	transferrin-bound	iron	from	plasma	by	duoden	crypt	cells,	lead	to	up-regul	of	transport	for	dietari	iron.	here,	we	test	the	hypothesi	that	hfe-/-	mice	have	increas	duoden	express	of	the	dival	metal	transport	(dmt1).	By	4	week	of	age,	the	hfe-/-	mice	demonstr	iron	load	when	compar	with	hfe	+/+	littermates,	with	elev	transferrin	satur	(68.	4%	vs.	49.	8%)	and	elev	liver	iron	concentr	(985	microgram	vs.	381	micrograms).	By	use	northern	blot	analyses,	we	quantit	duoden	express	of	both	class	of	dmt1	transcript	one	contain	an	iron	respons	element	(ire),	call	dmt1	(ire),	and	one	contain	no	ire,	call	dmt1	(non-ire).	the	posit	control	for	dmt1	up-regul	wa	a	murin	model	of	dietari	iron	defici	that	demonstr	greatli	increas	level	of	duoden	dmt1	(ire)	mrna.	hfe-/-	mice	also	demonstr	an	increas	in	duoden	dmt1	(ire)	mrna	(averag	7.	7-fold),	despit	their	elev	transferrin	satur	and	hepat	iron	content.	duoden	express	of	dmt1	(non-ire)	wa	not	increased,	nor	wa	hepat	express	of	dmt1	increased.	these	data	support	the	model	for	HH	in	which	hfe	mutat	lead	to	inappropri	low	crypt	cell	iron,	with	result	stabil	of	dmt1	(ire)	mrna,	up-regul	of	dmt1,	and	increas	absorpt	of	dietari	iron
1325652	yeast	artifici	chromosom	for	the	molecular	analysi	of	the	famili	polyposi	apc	gene	region.	two	yeast	artifici	chromosom	(yacs)	span	a	total	distanc	of	1.	1	megabas	pair	of	dna	around	the	mcc	(for	mutat	in	colorect	carcinoma)	and	apc	(for	adenomat	polyposi	coli)	gene	at	5q21	have	been	isol	and	characterized.	start	from	the	mcc	gene,	a	strategi	wa	undertaken	to	identifi	constitut	submicroscop	delet	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	patient	that	might	consider	narrow	down	the	posit	of	the	apc	gene.	To	thi	end,	yac	identifi	by	the	mcc	gene	were	screen	across	a	chromosom	5-specif	cosmid	librari	to	provid	a	sourc	of	dna	probe	for	genom	scanning.	the	cosmid	isol	from	these	experi	were	use	to	screen	a	panel	of	somat	cell	hybrid	contain	chromosom	5	segreg	from	patient	suspect	to	carri	put	interstiti	deletions.	thi	screen	approach	led	to	the	confirm	of	a	small	heterozyg	delet	in	a	polyposi	patient	that	overlap	one	of	the	two	isol	yacs.	thi	yac	ha	been	shown	to	contain	the	entir	apc	gene,	in	addit	to	a	signific	portion	of	dna	flank	the	5	end	of	the	gene,	and	should	therefor	prove	a	valuabl	resourc	for	function	studi	by	transfer	to	colorect	tumor-deriv	cell	line
1269174	analbuminemia	in	an	american	indian	girl.	analbuminemia	wa	fortuit	detect	in	a	nonedemat	12-year-old	american	indian	girl	with	atop	dermatitis,	mild	bronchial	asthma,	a	mild	seizur	disorder,	and	hyperlipoproteinemia	with	a	corneal	arcus.	immunolog	method	reveal	trace	amount	(17	mg/100	ml)	of	appar	normal	serum	albumin.	the	patient	parent	were	remot	related.	the	pedigre	and	clinic	find	were	compat	with	autosom	recess	transmiss	of	analbuminemia.	heterozygot	had	subnorm	level	of	serum	albumin.	the	gc-locu	is	close	link	to	the	structur	albumin	locus.	gc-protein	level	were	normal	in	the	patient	and	togeth	with	normal	chromosom	band	studi	make	it	unlik	that	a	chromosom	delet	caus	analbuminemia.	gc-type	in	the	famili	were	compat	with,	but	did	not	prove,	linkag	of	analbuminemia	to	the	gc-locus.	these	find	suggest	a	"	thalassemia	"	-like	mutat	for	thi	disorder.
3524231	treatment	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	with	growth	hormon	inhibitors.	A	controlled,	double-blind	therapeut	trial	with	the	drug	mazindol,	a	growth	hormon	inhibitor,	wa	perform	in	a	pair	of	7	1/2	year-old	monozygot	twins,	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	the	rational	for	thi	trial	wa	base	on	a	patient	(report	previously)	affect	simultan	with	dmd	and	growth	hormon	(gh)	deficiency,	who	is	show	a	benign	cours	of	the	dystroph	process	and	is	still	walk	at	18	years.	one	of	the	twin	receiv	2	mg	of	mazindol	daily,	while	the	other	receiv	a	placebo.	the	assessment,	repeat	everi	2	months,	includ	weight	and	height	measurements,	function	and	motor	abil	tests,	ergometri	and	determin	of	serum	enzym	and	GH	levels.	after	one	year	of	trial	the	code	wa	broken	and	it	wa	seen	that	the	twin	under	placebo	treatment	wa	strikingli	wors	than	hi	brother,	the	progress	of	whose	condit	wa	practic	arrested.	these	result	strongli	suggest	that	treatment	with	a	GH	inhibitor	is	benefici	for	dmd	patients.
8528198	identif	of	wasp	mutat	in	patient	with	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	and	isol	thrombocytopenia	reveal	allel	heterogen	at	the	wa	locus.	mutat	in	the	gene	encod	the	recent	isol	wasp	protein	ha	now	been	identifi	as	the	genet	defect	respons	for	the	x-link	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was),	a	primari	immunodefici	diseas	associ	with	extens	phenotyp	variability.	To	elucid	the	rang	of	wasp	mutat	respons	for	was,	we	use	pcr-sscp	analysi	to	screen	for	wasp	gene	mutat	in	19	unrel	boy	with	the	diagnosi	of	classic	or	attenu	wa	or	isol	thrombocytopenia.	all	19	patient	had	wasp	mutations,	each	of	which	local	to	the	initi	three	or	termin	three	exon	of	the	gene,	and	the	major	of	which	were	uniqu	in	each	case.	however,	a	missens	mutat	which	result	in	substitut	of	the	arginin	at	wa	codon	86	wa	identifi	in	three	boy	with	sever	wa	as	well	as	in	one	boy	present	with	thrombocytopenia	alone.	while	the	three	mutat	found	in	the	isol	thrombocytopenia	patient	leav	the	read	frame	intact,	about	one-half	of	the	gene	alter	detect	in	both	sever	and	attenu	wa	patient	result	in	frameshift	transcript	and	prematur	translat	termination.	these	find	therefor	confirm	the	associ	of	wa	with	wasp	mutat	and	identifi	wasp	mutat	as	a	caus	for	isol	congenit	thrombocytopenia	in	males.	while	the	wasp	gene	defect	respons	for	isol	thrombocytopenia	and	other	mild	present	of	wa	do	not	appear	distinct	from	those	result	in	sever	was,	these	data	indic	that	analysi	of	wasp	gene	mutat	provid	a	valuabl	tool	for	distinguish	the	spectrum	of	wa	patient	and	the	subset	of	male	with	isol	thrombocytopenia	who	repres	mild	case	of	was.
8178825	huntington	diseas	without	cag	expansion:	phenocopi	or	error	in	assignment?	huntington	diseas	(hd)	ha	been	shown	to	be	associ	with	an	expand	cag	repeat	within	a	novel	gene	on	4p16.	3	(it15).	A	total	of	30	of	1,	022	affect	person	(2.	9%	of	our	cohort)	did	not	have	an	expand	cag	in	the	diseas	range.	the	reason	for	not	observ	expans	in	affect	individu	are	import	for	determin	the	sensit	of	use	repeat	length	both	for	diagnosi	of	affect	patient	and	for	predict	test	program	and	may	have	biolog	relev	for	the	understand	of	the	molecular	mechan	underli	hd.	here	we	show	that	the	major	(18)	of	the	individu	with	normal	size	allel	repres	misdiagnosis,	sampl	mix-up,	or	cleric	error.	the	remain	12	patient	repres	possibl	phenocopi	for	hd.	In	at	least	four	cases,	famili	studi	of	these	phenocopi	exclud	4p16.	3	as	the	region	respons	for	the	phenotype.	mutat	in	the	HD	gene	that	are	other	than	cag	expans	have	not	been	exclud	for	the	remain	eight	cases;	however,	in	as	mani	as	seven	of	these	persons,	retrospect	review	of	these	patient	clinic	featur	identifi	characterist	not	typic	for	hd.	thi	studi	show	that	on	rare	occas	mutat	in	other,	as-yet-undefin	gene	can	present	with	a	clinic	phenotyp	veri	similar	to	that	of	H
6101415	allel	exclus	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	in	platelet	and	T	lymphocyt	from	a	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	carrier.	An	oblig	carrier	of	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	who	wa	also	heterozyg	for	the	A	and	B	type	of	x-link	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	wa	found.	with	her	it	becam	possibl	to	determin	whether	allel	exclus	occur	in	particular	cell-typ	of	the	wa	carrier.	If	so,	the	remain	cell	of	a	particular	cell-typ	would	express	onli	the	normal	X	chromosom	and	onli	one	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	isoenzym	would	be	demonstrable.	thi	carrier	had	onli	the	B	isoenzym	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	in	platelet	and	thymus-deriv	T	lymphocytes,	although	both	isoenzym	A	and	B	were	present	in	erythrocyt	and	neutrophils.	these	find	suggest	that	select	against	the	wa	gene	occur	in	platelet	and	thymus-deriv	T	lymphocyt	and	that	the	defect	associ	with	wa	express	in	these	cell-typ	may	be	implic	in	the	genesi	of	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome.
10487695	A	novel	mutat	in	the	sodium/iodid	symport	gene	in	the	largest	famili	with	iodid	transport	defect.	We	previous	report	nine	children	with	an	autosom	recess	form	of	congenit	hypothyroid	due	to	an	iodid	transport	defect	in	a	larg	hutterit	famili	with	extens	consanguin	live	in	central	canada.	sinc	the	origin	report,	we	have	diagnos	congenit	hypothyroid	by	newborn	tsh	screen	in	9	addit	children	from	the	family.	We	perform	direct	sequenc	of	the	pcr	product	of	each	ni	(sodium/iodid	symporter)	gene	exon	with	flank	intron	amplifi	from	genom	dna	extract	from	peripher	blood	cell	of	the	patients.	We	identifi	a	novel	ni	gene	mutation,	g395r	(gly395--	>	arg;	gga--	>	aga),	in	10	patient	examin	in	the	present	study.	all	of	the	parent	test	were	heterozyg	for	the	mutation,	suggest	that	the	patient	were	homozygous.	the	mutat	wa	locat	in	the	10th	transmembran	helix.	express	experi	by	transfect	of	the	mutant	ni	complimentari	dna	into	cos-7	cell	show	no	perchlorate-sensit	iodid	uptake,	confirm	that	the	mutat	is	the	direct	caus	of	the	iodid	transport	defect	in	these	patients.	A	patient	who	show	an	intermedi	saliva/serum	technetium	ratio	(14.	0;	normal,	>	or	=	20)	and	wa	consid	to	have	a	partial	or	less	sever	defect	in	the	previou	report	(ix-24)	did	not	have	a	ni	gene	mutation.	It	is	now	possibl	to	use	gene	diagnost	of	thi	uniqu	ni	mutat	to	identifi	patient	with	congenit	hypothyroid	due	to	an	iodid	transport	defect	in	thi	famili	and	to	determin	the	carrier	state	of	potenti	parent	for	genet	counsel	and	arrang	rapid	and	earli	diagnosi	of	their	infant
2071157	determin	of	the	mutat	respons	for	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	in	17	subjects.	hypoxanthine--guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt)	is	a	purin	salvag	enzym	that	catalyz	the	convers	of	hypoxanthin	to	inosin	monophosph	and	guanin	to	guanosin	monophosphate.	previou	studi	of	mutant	hprt	protein	analyz	at	the	molecular	level	have	shown	a	signific	heterogeneity.	thi	investig	further	verifi	thi	heterogen	and	identifi	insertions,	deletions,	and	point	mutations.	the	direct	sequenc	of	the	polymeras	chain	reaction-amplifi	product	of	reverse-transcrib	hprt	mrna	enabl	the	rapid	identif	of	the	mutat	found	in	17	previous	uncharacter	cell	line	deriv	from	patient	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.
7444053	A	new	CT	pattern	in	adrenoleukodystrophy.	A	new	CT	pattern	wa	observ	in	2	patient	with	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald).	thi	pattern,	which	the	author	call	type	ii,	is	character	by	the	absenc	of	posterior	periventricular	area	of	decreas	attenu	around	the	trigon	on	non-contrast	scan	after	contrast	infusion,	however,	there	is	strike	enhanc	of	variou	white-matt	structur	(tract	or	fiber	systems)	such	as	the	intern	capsules,	corpu	callosum,	corona	radiata,	forcep	major,	and	cerebr	peduncles.	thi	is	differ	from	numer	previou	descript	of	the	CT	pattern	in	ald.	type	II	ald	doe	not	appear	to	have	been	seen	in	ani	other	leukoencephalopathi	and	is	probabl	specif	for	a	phenotyp	variant	or	an	evolv	stage	of	ald.
10706858	genet	analysis,	phenotyp	diagnosis,	and	risk	of	venou	thrombosi	in	famili	with	inherit	defici	of	protein	S.	protein	S	defici	is	a	recogn	risk	factor	for	venou	thrombosis.	Of	all	the	inherit	thrombophil	conditions,	it	remain	the	most	difficult	to	diagnos	becaus	of	phenotyp	variability,	which	can	lead	to	inconclus	results.	We	have	overcom	thi	problem	by	studi	a	cohort	of	patient	from	a	singl	center	where	the	diagnosi	wa	confirm	at	the	genet	level.	twenty-eight	index	patient	with	protein	S	defici	and	a	pros1	gene	defect	were	studied,	togeth	with	109	first-degre	relatives.	To	avoid	select	bias,	we	confin	analysi	of	total	and	free	protein	S	level	and	thrombot	risk	to	the	patient	relatives.	In	thi	group	of	relatives,	a	low	free	protein	S	level	wa	the	most	reliabl	predictor	of	a	pros1	gene	defect	(sensit	97.	7%,	specif	100%).	first-degre	rel	with	a	pros1	gene	defect	had	a	5.	0-fold	higher	risk	of	thrombosi	(95%	confid	interval,	1.	5-16.	8)	than	those	with	a	normal	pros1	gene	and	no	other	recogn	thrombophil	defect.	although	pregnancy/puerperium	and	immobility/trauma	were	import	precipit	factor	for	thrombosis,	almost	half	of	the	event	were	spontaneous.	rel	with	splice-sit	or	major	structur	defect	in	the	pros1	gene	were	more	like	to	have	had	a	thrombot	event	and	had	significantli	lower	total	and	free	protein	S	level	than	those	rel	have	missens	mutations.	We	conclud	that	person	with	pros1	gene	defect	and	protein	S	defici	are	at	increas	risk	of	thrombosi	and	that	free	protein	S	estim	offer	the	most	reliabl	way	of	diagnos	the	deficiency.	(blood.	2000;	95	1935-1941)
10382910	sever	clinic	express	in	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophy.	x-link	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(edmd)	is	a	rel	rare	benign	neuromuscular	disord	which	can	vari	remark	in	onset,	cours	and	severity.	In	the	present	study,	a	tctac	delet	span	the	nucleotid	631-635	of	the	emerin	gene	caus	an	unusu	sever	diseas	phenotyp	includ	loss	of	ambul	and	sever	muscl	wast	in	two	affect	brothers.	the	same	mutat	ha	been	report	previous	in	an	unrel	famili	show	a	significantli	milder	phenotype.	the	interfamili	heterogen	in	distribut	and	in	sever	of	the	featur	in	the	two	famili	point	to	environment	or	genet	modif	as	the	caus	of	clinic	variabl	in	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophy.
7825578	the	gene	for	spinal	cerebellar	ataxia	3	(sca3)	is	locat	in	a	region	of	approxim	3	cM	on	chromosom	14q24.3-q32.2.	sca3,	the	gene	for	spinal	cerebellar	ataxia	3,	wa	recent	map	to	a	15-cm	interv	between	d14s67	and	d14s81	on	chromosom	14q,	by	linkag	analysi	in	two	famili	of	french	ancestry.	the	sca3	candid	region	ha	now	been	refin	by	linkag	analysi	with	four	new	microsatellit	marker	(d14s256,	d14s291,	d14s280,	and	afm343vf1)	in	the	same	two	families,	in	which	19	addit	individu	were	genotyped,	and	in	a	third	french	family.	combin	two-point	linkag	analys	show	that	the	new	markers,	d14s280	and	afm343vf1,	are	tightli	link	to	the	sca3	locus,	with	maxim	lod	scores,	at	recombin	fraction,	(theta)	=.	00,	of	7.	05	and	13.	70,	respectively.	combin	multipoint	and	recombin	haplotyp	analys	local	the	sca3	locu	to	a	3-cm	interv	flank	by	d14s291	and	d14s81.	the	same	allel	for	d14s280	segreg	with	the	diseas	locu	in	the	three	kindreds.	thi	allel	is	frequent	in	the	french	population,	however,	and	linkag	disequilibrium	is	not	clearli	established.	the	sca3	locu	remain	within	the	29-cm	region	on	14q24.	3-q32.	2	contain	the	gene	for	the	machado-joseph	disease,	which	is	clinic	relat	to	the	phenotyp	determin	by	sca3,	but	it	cannot	yet	be	conclud	that	both	diseas	result	from	alter	of	the	same	gen
1831007	huntington	diseas	and	childhood-onset	tourett	syndrome.	A	40-year-old	man	with	childhood-onset	tourett	syndrom	(ts)	develop	huntington	diseas	(hd).	We	believ	thi	to	be	the	first	report	case	of	childhood-onset	TS	with	adult	onset	hd.	discoveri	of	other	case	with	both	disord	may	provid	clue	to	the	pathophysiolog	of	both	conditions.
7761412	the	protein	defici	in	low	syndrom	is	a	phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosph	5-phosphatase.	low	syndrome,	also	known	as	oculocerebroren	syndrome,	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	X	chromosome-encod	ocrl	gene.	the	ocrl	protein	is	51%	ident	to	inositol	polyphosph	5-phosphatas	II	(5-phosphatas	ii)	from	human	platelet	over	a	span	of	744	aa,	suggest	that	ocrl	may	be	a	similar	enzyme.	We	engin	a	construct	of	the	ocrl	cdna	that	encod	amino	acid	homolog	to	the	platelet	5-phosphatas	for	express	in	baculovirus-infect	sf9	insect	cells.	thi	cdna	encod	aa	264-968	of	the	ocrl	protein.	the	recombin	protein	wa	found	to	catalyz	the	reaction	also	carri	out	by	platelet	5-phosphatas	ii.	thu	ocrl	convert	inositol	1,	4,	5-trisphosph	to	inositol	1,	4-bisphosphate,	and	it	convert	inositol	1,	3,	4,	5-tetrakisphosph	to	inositol	1,	3,	4-trisphosphate.	most	important,	the	enzym	convert	phosphatidylinositol	4,	5-bisphosph	to	phosphatidylinositol	4-phosphate.	the	rel	abil	of	ocrl	to	catalyz	the	three	reaction	is	differ	from	that	of	5-phosphatas	II	and	from	that	of	anoth	5-phosphatas	isoenzym	from	platelets,	5-phosphatas	I.	the	recombin	ocrl	protein	hydrolyz	the	phospholipid	substrat	10-	to	30-fold	better	than	5-phosphatas	ii,	and	5-phosphatas	I	doe	not	cleav	the	lipid	at	all.	We	also	show	that	ocrl	function	as	a	phosphatidylinositol	4,	5-bisphosph	5-phosphatas	in	ocrl-express	sf9	cells.	these	result	suggest	that	ocrl	is	mainli	a	lipid	phosphatas	that	may	control	cellular	level	of	a	critic	metabolite,	phosphatidylinositol	4,	5-bisphosphate.	defici	of	thi	enzym	appar	caus	the	protean	manifest	of	low	syndrome.
10323740	microdelet	at	chromosom	band	1q32-q41	as	a	caus	of	van	der	woud	syndrome.	van	der	woud	syndrom	(vws)	is	an	autosom	domin	disord	compris	cleft	lip	and/or	cleft	palat	and	lip	pits.	We	report	previous	a	famili	whose	underli	mutat	is	a	500-800	kb	delet	local	to	chromosom	band	1q32-q41	[sander	et	al.,	1994	hum	mol	genet	3	576-578].	along	with	cleft	lip/pal	and	lip	pits,	affect	rel	exhibit	development	delays,	suggest	that	the	function	of	a	gene	nearbi	may	also	be	disrupted.	To	further	local	the	vw	gene	we	search	for	other	delet	that	caus	vws.	An	allel	loss	assay	wa	perform	use	a	novel	highli	polymorph	marker,	d1s3753.	from	a	panel	of	37	unrel	individuals,	we	detect	an	allel	loss	in	one	family,	indic	the	presenc	of	a	deletion.	In	thi	family,	the	phenotyp	in	three	gener	of	affect	individu	wa	confin	to	the	cardin	sign	of	vws.	surprisingly,	map	of	the	new	delet	show	that	it	extend	0.	2-1	Mb	beyond	the	proxim	breakpoint	for	the	delet	describ	previously.	No	delet	were	detect	in	seven	case	of	poplit	pterygia	syndrome,	76	case	of	mix	syndrom	form	of	cleft	lip	and	palate,	and	178	case	of	nonsyndrom	cleft	lip	and	palat
7607677	mucopolysaccharidosi	type	iva:	common	doubl	delet	in	the	n-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatas	gene	(galns).	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva	(mp	iva)	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	caus	by	a	defici	in	n-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatas	(galns).	We	found	two	separ	delet	of	nearli	8.	0	and	6.	0	kb	in	the	galn	gene,	includ	some	exons.	there	are	alu	repetit	element	near	the	breakpoint	of	the	8.	0-kb	deletion,	and	thi	delet	result	from	an	alu-alu	recombination.	the	other	6.	0-kb	delet	involv	illegitim	recombin	event	between	incomplet	short	direct	repeat	of	8	bp	at	delet	breakpoints.	the	same	rearrang	ha	been	observ	in	a	heteroallel	state	in	four	unrel	patients.	thi	is	the	first	document	of	a	common	doubl	delet	a	gene	that	is	not	a	member	of	a	gene	cluster
2995231	segreg	analysi	of	a	marker	localis	xp21.2-xp21.3	in	duchenn	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	families.	A	dna	marker	c7,	localis	xp21.	1-xp21.	3,	ha	been	studi	in	kindr	segreg	for	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(bmd).	In	dmd	famili	four	crossov	were	observ	in	38	inform	meios	between	C7	and	the	dmd	locu	(theta	=	0.	12,	z	max	=	+	2.	72).	In	bmd	famili	no	recombin	were	observ	in	the	16	inform	meios	studied.	these	data	are	consist	with	the	localis	of	the	mutat	in	these	disord	be	in	the	same	region	of	xp21.	studi	in	famili	also	segreg	for	the	dna	marker	754	support	the	previous	report	physic	order	of	these	loci	as	X	centromere-754-dmd-bmd-c7-x	telomere.	A	recombin	fraction	of	0.	11	(z	max	=	+	5.	58)	wa	found	between	dmd-754	by	combin	our	previous	publish	data	with	the	data	present	here.	C7	and	754	thu	provid	good	bridg	marker	for	the	diagnosi	of	dmd	and	BM
8281142	genet	analysi	of	the	brca1	region	in	a	larg	breast/ovarian	family:	refin	of	the	minim	region	contain	brca1.	We	have	analyz	a	singl	multi-affect	breast/ovarian	cancer	pedigre	(bov3)	and	have	shown	consist	inherit	of	marker	on	chromosom	17q	with	the	diseas	confirm	that	thi	famili	is	due	to	the	brca1	gene.	analysi	of	17q	haplotyp	show	a	recombin	event	in	a	bilater	breast	cancer	case	which	suggest	that	the	brca1	gene	lie	distal	to	d17s857;	d17s857	is	thu	the	new	proxim	boundari	for	the	region	contain	brca1.	combin	thi	inform	with	previous	publish	map	inform	suggest	that	brca1	is	contain	in	a	region	estim	at	1-1.	5	Mb	in	length.	all	seven	breast	tumour/blood	pair	examin	from	thi	famili	show	loss	of	heterozygos	in	the	tumours.	the	allel	retain	in	each	tumour	wa	from	the	disease-bear	chromosom	implic	brca1	as	a	tumour	suppressor	gene.	We	have	sequenc	the	17	beta-oestradiol	dehydrogenas	gene	(edh17b1	and	edh17b2)	which	have	been	suggest	as	candid	gene	for	brca1	in	four	member	of	thi	family.	No	germlin	mutat	were	detect
10590055	A	point	mutat	thr(799)met	on	the	alpha(2)	integrin	lead	to	the	format	of	new	human	platelet	alloantigen	sit(a)	and	affect	collagen-induc	aggregation.	A	new	platelet-specif	alloantigen,	term	sit	(a),	wa	identifi	in	a	sever	case	of	neonat	alloimmun	thrombocytopenia.	the	sit	(a)	alloantigen	is	of	low	frequenc	(1/400)	in	the	german	population.	immunochem	studi	demonstr	that	the	sit	(a)	epitop	resid	on	platelet	glycoprotein	(gp)	ia.	nucleotid	sequenc	analysi	of	gpia	cdna	deriv	from	sit	(a)	-posit	platelet	show	C	(2531)	--	>	T	(2531)	point	mutation,	result	in	thr	(799)	met	dimorphism.	analysi	of	genom	dna	from	22	sit	(a)	-neg	normal	individu	show	that	the	thr	(799)	is	encod	by	acg	(2532)	(90.	9%)	or	aca	(2532)	(9.	1%).	To	establish	a	dna	type	technique,	we	elucid	the	organ	of	the	gpia	gene	adjac	to	the	polymorph	bases.	the	intron	(421	bp	and	1.	2	kb)	encompass	a	142-bp	exon	with	the	2	polymorph	base	2531	and	2532.	polymeras	chain	reaction-restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	analysi	on	dna	deriv	from	100	donor	use	the	restrict	enzym	mae	iii	show	that	the	met	(799)	form	of	gpia	is	restrict	to	sit	(a)	(+)	phenotype.	analysi	of	stabl	chines	hamster	ovari	transfect	express	allele-specif	recombin	form	of	gpia	show	that	anti-sit	(a)	exclus	react	with	the	glu	(505)	met	(799),	but	not	with	the	glu	(505)	thr	(799)	and	the	ly	(505)	thr	(799)	isoforms.	In	contrast,	anti-br	(a)	(hpa-5b)	onli	recogn	the	ly	(505)	thr	(799)	form,	wherea	anti-br	(b)	(hpa-5a)	react	with	both	glu	(505)	thr	(799)	and	glu	(505)	met	(799)	isoforms.	these	result	demonstr	that	the	met	(799)	is	respons	for	format	of	the	sit	(a)	alloantigen	determinants,	wherea	amino	acid	505	(li	or	glu)	specif	control	the	express	of	Br	(a)	and	Br	(b)	epitopes,	respectively.	platelet	aggreg	respons	of	sit	(a)	(+)	individu	were	diminish	in	respons	to	collagen,	indic	that	the	thr	(799)	met	mutat	affect	the	function	of	the	gpia/iia	compl
3464560	estim	of	the	male	to	femal	ratio	of	mutat	rate	from	the	segreg	of	x-chromosom	dna	haplotyp	in	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	families.	A	novel	procedur	is	present	to	estim	the	ratio	of	male	to	femal	mutat	rate	for	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	x-specif	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	are	use	to	establish	dna	haplotyp	in	three-gener	dmd	families.	from	the	proport	of	dmd	patient	who	have	inherit	their	matern	grandfath	X	chromosome,	the	ratio	of	mutat	rate	can	be	calculated.	In	contrast	to	classic	methods,	the	propos	procedur	is	not	restrict	to	sporad	or	familiar	case	nor	is	ani	inform	on	the	carrier	statu	of	femal	rel	required.
3789016	genet	analysi	of	an	inherit	defici	of	the	third	compon	of	complement	in	brittani	spaniel	dogs.	genet	determin	C3	defici	in	brittani	spaniel	dog	share	a	number	of	biochem	and	clinic	characterist	with	the	human	disorder.	In	humans,	the	gene	for	C3	defici	is	a	null	gene	that	is	allel	to	the	structur	gene	for	C3	and	is	not	link	to	the	major	histocompat	locus.	the	current	studi	use	allotyp	analysi	of	canin	C3	in	order	to	demonstr	that	the	gene	for	C3	defici	in	these	dog	is	also	a	null	gene	allel	to	the	structur	gene	for	c3.	In	addition,	preliminari	pedigre	analysi	suggest	that	the	gene	for	canin	C3	defici	is	appar	not	close	link	to	the	major	histocompat	complex	of	the	dog.	thus,	it	appear	that	C3	defici	in	brittani	spaniel	dog	not	onli	share	biochem	and	clinic	featur	with	C3	defici	in	humans,	but	also	share	some	genet	characterist	with	the	human	disorder.
10426139	A	novel	frameshift	mutat	in	the	mcleod	syndrom	gene	in	a	japanes	family.	We	report	a	novel	mutat	in	the	XK	gene	(xk)	in	a	japanes	patient	with	mcleod	syndrome.	A	50-year-old	man	show	progress	muscular	atrophy,	choreic	movement,	elev	level	of	serum	creatinin	kinase,	and	acanthocytosis.	the	express	level	of	all	the	kell	antigen	in	erythrocyt	wa	decreas	and	molecular	analysi	reveal	a	single-bas	(t)	delet	at	the	nucleotid	posit	1095	in	xk.	thi	delet	caus	a	frameshift	in	translation,	lead	to	a	prematur	stop	codon	at	the	amino	acid	posit	408.	We	conclud	thi	single-bas	delet	caus	defect	Kx	protein,	which	is	respons	for	the	mcleod	phenotyp	in	thi	patient.
10330430	alpha-cardiac	actin	is	a	novel	diseas	gene	in	famili	hypertroph	cardiomyopathy.	We	identifi	the	alpha-cardiac	actin	gene	(actc)	as	a	novel	diseas	gene	in	a	pedigre	suffer	from	famili	hypertroph	cardiomyopathi	(fhc).	linkag	analys	exclud	all	the	previous	report	fhc	loci	as	possibl	diseas	loci	in	the	famili	studied,	with	lod	score	vari	between	-2.	5	and	-6.	0	0.	further	linkag	analys	of	plausibl	candid	gene	highli	express	in	the	adult	human	heart	identifi	actc	as	the	most	like	diseas	gene,	show	a	maxim	lod	score	of	3.	6	6.	mutat	analysi	of	actc	reveal	an	ala295s	mutat	in	exon	5	close	to	2	missens	mutat	recent	describ	to	caus	the	inherit	form	of	idiopath	dilat	cardiomyopathi	(idc)
8084618	the	ew	gene,	involv	in	ewe	famili	of	tumors,	malign	melanoma	of	soft	part	and	desmoplast	small	round	cell	tumors,	code	for	an	rna	bind	protein	with	novel	regulatori	domains.	the	ew	gene,	which	map	to	band	q12	of	human	chromosom	22,	is	involv	in	a	wide	varieti	of	human	solid	tumor	includ	ewe	sarcoma,	relat	primit	neuroectoderm	tumors,	malign	melanoma	of	soft	part	and	desmoplast	small	round	cell	tumors.	In	these	tumors,	the	ew	is	fuse	to	gene	encod	transcript	activators/repressors,	like	fli-1	or	erg	or	atf	1	or	wt1.	To	better	understand	the	function	of	the	ew	protein,	we	clone	the	ew	cdna.	sequenc	analysi	of	thi	cdna	reveal	differenti	splice	involv	two	exon	encod	72	amino	acids.	both	altern	splice	transcripts,	ew	and	ews-b,	are	express	in	a	varieti	of	cells.	becaus	ew	protein	contain	put	conserv	rna	bind	motifs,	we	studi	the	rna	bind	properti	of	the	ew	protein.	the	ews-b	protein	bind	to	rna	in	vitro	and,	specifically,	to	poli	G	and	poli	U.	the	rna	bind	activ	wa	local	to	the	carboxi	termin	86	amino	acids,	which	constitut	rgg	box.	thu	the	amino	termin	domain	of	ew	(ntd-ews),	which	is	involv	in	chromosom	transloc	may	regul	the	specif	of	rna	bind	activ	of	ews.	An	ews-erg	chimer	protein,	which	is	found	in	ewe	sarcoma	cells,	function	as	a	transcript	activator.	mutat	analysi	of	ews-erg	chimer	protein	reveal	that	ntd-ew	function	as	a	regulatori	domain	for	the	transcript	activ	properti	of	ews-erg	chimer	protein.
1301938	A	mutat	common	in	non-jewish	tay-sach	disease:	frequenc	and	rna	studies.	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd)	is	an	autosom	recess	genet	disord	result	from	mutat	of	the	hexa	gene	encod	the	alpha-subunit	of	the	lysosom	enzyme,	beta-n-acetylhexosaminidas	A	(hex	a).	We	have	discov	that	a	tay-sach	mutation,	ivs-9	+	1	g--	>	A,	first	detect	by	akli	et	al.	(genom	11	124-134,	1991),	is	a	common	diseas	allel	in	non-jewish	caucasian	(10/58	allel	examined).	A	pcr-base	diagnost	test,	which	detect	an	nlaiii	site	gener	by	the	mutation,	reveal	a	frequenc	among	enzyme-defin	carrier	of	9/64	(14%).	most	of	those	carri	the	allel	trace	their	origin	to	the	unit	kingdom,	ireland,	or	western	europe.	It	wa	not	identifi	among	12	black	american	tsd	allel	or	in	ani	of	18	ashkenazi	jewish,	enzyme-defin	carrier	who	did	not	carri	ani	of	the	mutat	common	to	thi	population.	No	normal	splice	rna	wa	detect	in	pcr	product	gener	from	revers	transcript	of	rna	carri	the	ivs-9	mutation.	instead,	the	low	level	of	mrna	from	thi	allel	were	compris	of	aberr	speci	result	from	the	use	of	either	of	two	cryptic	donor	sites,	one	truncat	exon	9	and	the	other	within	ivs-9,	splice	to	exon	10.	numer	addit	splice	product	were	detected,	most	involv	skip	of	one	or	more	surround	exons.	togeth	with	a	recent	identifi	allel	respons	for	hex	A	pseudodefici	(triggs-rain	et	al.	Am	J	hum	genet,	1992),	these	two	allel	account	for	almost	50%	(29/64)	of	tsd	or	carrier	allel	ascertain	by	enzym	screen	test	in	non-jewish	caucasians.
1302022	character	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	region	predict	multipl	protein	isoform-encod	mrnas.	the	mutat	underli	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	ha	been	identifi	as	an	expans	of	a	polymorph	ctg-repeat	in	a	gene	encod	protein	kinas	activity.	brain	and	heart	transcript	of	the	dm-kinas	(dmr-b15)	gene	are	subject	to	altern	rna	splice	in	both	human	and	mouse.	the	unstabl	[ctg]	5-30	motif	is	found	uniqu	in	humans,	although	the	flank	nucleotid	are	also	present	in	mouse.	character	of	the	DM	region	of	both	speci	reveal	anoth	activ	gene	(dmr-n9)	in	close	proxim	to	the	kinas	gene.	dmr-n9	transcripts,	mainli	express	in	brain	and	testis,	possess	a	single,	larg	open	read	frame,	but	the	function	of	it	protein	product	is	unknown.	clinic	manifest	of	DM	may	be	caus	by	the	expand	ctg-repeat	compromis	the	(alternative)	express	of	dm-kinas	or	dmr-n9	proteins.
2310692	paroxysm	nocturn	haemoglobinuria	with	coexist	defici	of	the	ninth	compon	of	complement:	lack	of	massiv	haemolyt	attack.	A	47-year-old	woman	with	paroxysm	nocturn	haemoglobinuria	(pnh)	wa	found	to	have	an	inherit	defici	in	the	ninth	complement	compon	(c9).	In	complement-sensit	lysi	tests,	80%	of	her	erythrocyt	were	markedli	complement-sensit	(pnh-iii).	laser	cytofluorimetri	with	a	monoclon	antibodi	against	decay-acceler	factor	(daf)	reveal	that	95%	of	her	erythrocyt	were	daf-negative.	surprisingly,	she	ha	suffer	onli	mild	haemolysi	and	ha	never	experienc	massiv	spontan	haemolysis.	gross	haemoglobinuria	and	jaundic	occur	onli	after	receiv	postop	transfus	of	whole	blood.	In	her	serum,	C9	wa	not	detect	either	by	immunolog	or	by	function	assays.	both	the	ham	test	and	the	sugar	water	test	use	normal	human	serum	or	plasma	yield	mark	haemolysi	of	the	patient	erythrocytes.	when	the	patient	serum	or	plasma	wa	used,	onli	a	trace	of	lysi	wa	detected.	addit	of	purifi	human	C9	to	her	plasma	fulli	restor	haemolysis.	these	observ	indic	that	C9	may	play	a	critic	role	in	haemolyt	attack	in	patient	with	pnh	and	that	characterist	haemolysi	in	pnh	may	be	temper	by	coexist	C9	deficiency.
10943845	brca1	is	associ	with	a	human	swi/snf-rel	complex:	link	chromatin	remodel	to	breast	cancer.	germlin	mutat	in	the	tumor	suppressor	gene,	brca1,	predispos	individu	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancers.	use	a	combin	of	affinity-	and	convent	chromatograph	techniques,	we	have	isol	a	predomin	form	of	a	multiprotein	brca1-contain	complex	from	human	cell	display	chromatin-remodel	activity.	mass	spectrometr	sequenc	of	compon	of	thi	complex	indic	that	brca1	is	associ	with	a	swi/snf-rel	complex.	We	show	that	brca1	can	directli	interact	with	the	brg1	subunit	of	the	swi/snf	complex.	moreover,	p53-mediat	stimul	of	transcript	by	brca1	wa	complet	abrog	by	either	a	dominant-neg	mutant	of	brg1	or	the	cancer-caus	delet	in	exon	11	of	brca1.	these	find	reveal	a	direct	function	for	brca1	in	transcript	control	through	modul	of	chromatin	structure.
8375105	germin	mosaic	in	a	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	family:	implic	for	genet	counselling.	In	thi	studi	we	describ	a	three-gener	famili	in	which	two	sibl	were	affect	by	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	immunohistochem	analysi	of	muscl	dystrophin	and	haplotyp	analysi	of	the	dmd	locu	reveal	that	the	X	chromosom	carri	the	dmd	gene	wa	transmit	from	the	healthi	matern	grandfath	to	hi	three	daughters,	includ	the	proband	mother.	these	find	indic	that	the	grandfath	wa	a	germin	mosaic	for	the	dmd	gene.	the	definit	of	the	carrier	statu	in	two	possibl	carrier	led	us	to	give	accur	genet	counsel	and	to	prevent	the	birth	of	an	affect	boy.	the	result	of	thi	studi	demonstr	the	use	of	haplotyp	analysi	and	immunohistochem	muscl	dystrophin	studi	to	detect	hidden	germin	mosaic	and	to	improv	genet	counselling.
10198641	centrosom	amplif	and	a	defect	g2-m	cell	cycl	checkpoint	induc	genet	instabl	in	brca1	exon	11	isoform-defici	cells.	germlin	mutat	of	the	brca1	tumor	suppressor	gene	predispos	women	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancers.	To	studi	mechan	underli	brca1-rel	tumorigenesis,	we	deriv	mous	embryon	fibroblast	cell	carri	a	target	delet	of	exon	11	of	the	brca1	gene.	We	show	that	the	mutant	cell	maintain	an	intact	g1-	cell	cycl	checkpoint	and	prolifer	poorly.	however,	a	defect	g2-m	checkpoint	in	these	cell	is	accompani	by	extens	chromosom	abnormalities.	mutant	fibroblast	contain	multiple,	function	centrosomes,	which	lead	to	unequ	chromosom	segregation,	abnorm	nuclear	division,	and	aneuploidy.	these	data	uncov	an	essenti	role	of	brca1	in	maintain	genet	stabil	through	the	regul	of	centrosom	duplic	and	the	g2-m	checkpoint	and	provid	a	molecular	basi	for	the	role	of	brca1	in	tumorigenesis.
1769645	aberr	splice	of	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	mrna:	the	major	caus	for	phenylketonuria	in	part	of	southern	europe.	We	report	a	mutat	within	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	gene	that	caus	aberr	splice	of	the	mrna	and	that	is	in	tight	associ	with	chromosom	haplotyp	6,	10,	and	36.	becaus	of	the	high	frequenc	of	these	particular	haplotyp	in	bulgaria,	italy,	and	turkey,	it	appear	to	be	one	of	the	more	frequent	defect	in	the	pah	gene	caus	classic	phenylketonuria	in	thi	part	of	europe.	the	mutat	is	a	G	to	A	transit	at	posit	546	in	intron	10	of	the	pah	gene,	11	bp	upstream	from	the	intron	10/exon	11	boundary.	It	activ	a	cryptic	splice	site	and	result	in	an	in-fram	insert	of	9	nucleotid	between	exon	10	and	exon	11	of	the	process	mrna.	normal	amount	of	liver	pah	protein	are	present	in	homozyg	patients,	but	no	catalyt	activ	can	be	detected.	thi	loss	of	enzym	activ	is	probabl	caus	by	conform	chang	result	from	the	insert	of	three	addit	amino	acid	(gly-leu-gln)	between	the	normal	sequenc	encod	by	exon	10	and	exon	11.
10814710	biochem	and	structur	analysi	of	missens	mutat	in	n-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulf	sulfatas	caus	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva	phenotypes.	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva	(mp	iva;	omim	#	253000),	a	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	a	defici	of	N	-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulf	sulfatas	(galns),	ha	variabl	clinic	phenotypes.	To	date	we	have	identifi	65	missens	mutat	in	the	galn	gene	from	mp	iva	patients,	but	the	correl	between	genotyp	and	phenotyp	ha	remain	unclear.	We	studi	17	missens	mutat	use	biochem	approach	and	32	missens	mutations,	use	structur	analyses.	fifteen	missens	mutat	and	two	newli	engin	activ	site	mutat	(c79s,	c79t)	were	character	by	transient	express	analysis.	mutant	proteins,	except	for	c79	and	c79t,	were	destabil	and	detect	as	insolubl	precursor	form	while	the	c79	and	c79t	mutant	were	of	a	solubl	matur	size.	mutant	found	in	the	sever	phenotyp	had	no	activity.	mutant	found	in	the	mild	phenotyp	had	a	consider	residu	activ	(1.	3-13.	3%	of	wild-typ	galn	activity).	sulfatases,	includ	galns,	are	member	of	a	highli	conserv	gene	famili	share	an	extens	sequenc	homology.	thus,	a	tertiari	structur	model	of	human	galn	wa	construct	from	the	x-ray	crystal	structur	of	N	-acetylgalacto-samine-4-sulfatas	and	arylsulfatas	A,	use	homolog	modeling,	and	32	missens	mutat	were	investigated.	consequently,	we	propos	that	there	are	at	least	three	differ	reason	for	the	sever	phenotyp	(i)	destruct	of	the	hydrophob	core	or	modif	of	the	packing;	(ii)	remov	of	a	salt	bridg	to	destabil	the	entir	conformation;	(iii)	modif	of	the	activ	site.	In	contrast,	mild	mutat	were	mostli	locat	on	the	surfac	of	the	galn	protein.	these	studi	shed	further	light	on	the	genotype-phenotyp	correl	of	mp	iva	and	structure-funct	relationship	in	the	sulfatas	famili
7437512	wiskott-aldrich	syndrome:	cellular	impair	and	their	implic	for	carrier	detection.	A	famili	in	which	two	male	sibl	were	affect	with	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	wa	studi	use	g-6-pd	isoenzym	as	an	x-link	marker	in	order	to	investig	the	natur	of	cellular	abnormalities.	isol	peripher	blood	cell	type	from	the	doubli	heterozyg	mother	of	the	affect	male	seemingli	fail	to	express	the	g-6-pd	allel	in	ci	posit	with	the	wa	allel	while	her	cultur	skin	fibroblast	express	both	g-6-pd	alleles.	additionally,	a	histogram	analysi	of	platelet	size	reveal	a	singl	popul	of	abnorm	small	platelet	in	the	affect	propositus,	wherea	the	heterozyg	mother	had	no	appreci	small	platelet	subpopulation.	In	vitro	cultur	of	hemopoiet	progenitor	cell	of	the	heterozyg	mother	show	that	the	major	of	progenitor	cell	did	not	express	the	wa	allele.	however,	a	small	number	of	cell	express	the	g-6-pd	type	link	with	the	wa	allel	were	detected.	the	proport	of	the	latter	progenitor	wa	significantli	higher	among	more	primit	progenitor	(those	give	rise	to	later	appear	colonies).	thi	observ	suggest	that	select	against	cell	express	the	wiskott-aldrich	defect	take	place	in	the	hemopoiet	system	of	the	heterozyg	femal	and	offer	a	possibl	mean	of	carrier	detect	in	some	women.	linkag	studi	in	thi	famili	reveal	one	exampl	of	probabl	recombin	between	the	loci	for	wa	and	g-6-pd	among	three	inform	subjects,	suggest	that	these	two	loci	may	not	be	close	link	on	the	x-chromosome.
2792129	famili	defici	of	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	associ	with	recurr	meningococc	infections.	We	describ	an	11-year-old	girl	suffer	from	recurr	mening	with	a	complet	absenc	of	the	seventh	compon	of	complement	(c7).	diagnosi	wa	establish	by	haemolyt	titrat	and	western	blotting.	the	patient	serum	lack	the	85	kda	C7	chain.	haemolyt	activ	of	serum	wa	reconstitut	with	either	pool	normal	human	serum	or	with	purifi	c7.	the	rel	(parent	and	one	sister)	had	half-norm	level	of	both	immunochem	and	function	determin	c7,	indic	a	heterozyg	state	for	C7	deficiency.
10190331	non-syndrom	hear	loss	associ	with	enlarg	vestibular	aqueduct	is	caus	by	pd	mutations.	enlarg	vestibular	aqueduct	(eva),	known	as	the	most	common	form	of	inner	ear	abnormality,	ha	recent	been	of	particular	genet	interest	becaus	thi	anomali	is	inherit	in	a	recess	manner.	the	locu	for	non-syndrom	sensorineur	hear	loss	with	eva	ha	been	map	to	the	same	chromosom	region,	7q31,	as	the	pendr	syndrom	locus.	In	the	present	study,	seven	mutat	in	the	pd	gene	(pds),	the	gene	respons	for	pendr	syndrome,	have	been	found	in	famili	of	non-syndrom	sensorineur	hear	loss	with	eva.	one	famili	is	homozygous,	three	famili	are	compound	heterozygotes,	and	two	famili	are	heterozyg	but	with	no	other	mutat	detected.	the	present	result	provid	evid	that	mutat	in	pd	caus	both	syndrom	and	non-syndrom	hear	loss.
3480530	delet	of	a	dna	sequenc	in	retinoblastoma	and	mesenchym	tumors:	organ	of	the	sequenc	and	it	encod	protein.	retinoblastoma	is	a	childhood	tumor	that	can	aris	becaus	of	mutant	allel	acquir	as	somat	or	germin	mutations.	the	mutant	allel	can	be	carri	in	the	germ	line.	the	mutat	creat	these	allel	act	by	inactiv	copi	of	a	recess	oncogen	locat	within	band	q14	of	chromosom	13	and	term	the	rb1	locus.	We	have	report	isol	of	a	cdna	fragment	that	recogn	chromosom	sequenc	possess	mani	of	the	attribut	of	the	retinoblastoma	gene	associ	with	the	rb1	locus.	We	now	report	that	thi	segment	is	addit	the	target	of	somat	mutat	in	mesenchym	tumor	among	patient	have	no	appar	predisposit	to	retinoblastoma	and	no	previou	evid	of	retinoblastoma.	these	tumor	provid	addit	evid	that	the	clone	sequenc	are	repres	of	a	gene	that	is	a	frequent	target	of	inactiv	dure	tumorigenesis.	sequenc	analysi	of	thi	cdna	provid	littl	insight	into	it	normal	function	role.
2862466	genet	determin	low	c4:	a	predispos	factor	to	autoimmun	chronic	activ	hepatitis.	Of	26	patient	with	autoimmun	chronic	activ	hepat	(cah)	start	in	childhood	18	(69%)	had	low	C4	and	5	(19%)	had	low	C3	serum	levels.	impair	hepat	synthesi	and	immune-consumpt	were	unlik	sinc	transferrin	level	were	normal	in	all	patients,	albumin	level	were	persist	low	in	onli	3,	and	onli	3	had	rais	level	of	activ	fragment	c3d.	c4d	wa	normal	in	all	patient	studied.	In	the	famili	of	12	proband	with	low	c4,	7	parent	had	low	C4	and	2	had	level	which	were	at	the	lower	limit	of	normal.	5	of	10	sibl	from	5	famili	had	low	c4.	these	result	suggest	that	low	C4	level	in	cah	are	genet	determined.	C4	phenotyp	in	20	patient	and	in	26	parent	show	that	90%	and	81%,	respectively,	had	null	allotyp	at	either	the	c4a	or	c4b	locu	compar	with	59%	in	controls,	indic	that	defect	express	of	structur	gene	may	contribut	to	the	observ	C4	deficiency.
3417303	tight	linkag	between	myoton	dystrophi	and	apolipoprotein	E	gene	reveal	with	allele-specif	oligonucleotides.	In	16	famili	with	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	a	novel	approach	base	on	use	of	allele-specif	oligonucleotid	ha	been	employ	to	studi	the	linkag	relationship	between	the	apolipoprotein	E	(apoe)	gene	and	dm.	synthet	oligonucleotides,	design	to	discrimin	between	apo	allel	epsilon	3	and	epsilon	4,	enabl	us	to	distinguish	heterozyg	carrier	in	a	hybrid	assay.	In	a	subset	of	families,	the	relev	segment	of	the	apo	gene	wa	enzymat	amplifi	to	increas	the	sensit	of	the	method.	for	DM	and	apoe,	a	maximum	lod	score	(zmax	of	7.	47	wa	obtain	at	a	recombin	frequenc	(theta)	of	0.	047	(male	theta	=	femal	theta).	No	recombin	(maximum	lod	score	of	5.	61	at	theta	=	0.	0)	wa	found	between	apo	and	the	apolipoprotein	cii	(apoc2)	gene.	these	result	suggest	that,	in	addit	to	apoc2,	apo	is	a	use	marker	for	presymptomat	DM	diagnosi
7894493	confirm	of	brca1	by	analysi	of	germlin	mutat	link	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	in	ten	families.	We	provid	genet	evid	support	the	ident	of	the	candid	gene	for	brca1	through	the	character	of	germlin	mutat	in	63	breast	cancer	patient	and	10	ovarian	cancer	patient	in	ten	famili	with	cancer	link	to	chromosom	17q21.	nine	differ	mutat	were	detect	by	screen	brca1	dna	and	rna	by	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	and	direct	sequencing.	seven	mutat	lead	to	protein	truncat	at	site	throughout	the	gene.	one	missens	mutat	(which	occur	independ	in	two	families)	lead	to	loss	of	a	cystein	in	the	zinc	bind	domain.	An	intron	singl	basepair	substitut	destroy	an	acceptor	site	and	activ	a	cryptic	splice	site,	lead	to	a	59	basepair	insert	and	chain	termination.	the	four	famili	with	both	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	had	chain	termin	mutat	in	the	n-termin	half	of	the	protein.
7937795	genet	instabl	in	human	ovarian	cancer	cell	lines.	We	have	analyz	the	stabil	of	microsatellit	in	cell	line	deriv	from	human	ovarian	cancer	and	found	that	5	out	of	10	of	the	ovarian	tumor	cell	line	are	genet	unstabl	at	the	major	of	the	loci	analyzed.	In	clone	and	subclon	deriv	serial	from	one	of	these	cell	line	(2774;	serou	cystadenocarcinoma),	a	veri	high	proport	of	microsatellit	distribut	in	mani	differ	region	of	the	genom	chang	their	size	in	a	mercuri	fashion.	We	conclud	that	genom	instabl	in	ovarian	tumor	is	a	dynam	and	ongo	process	whose	high	frequenc	may	have	been	previous	underestim	by	pcr-base	allelotyp	of	bulk	tumor	tissue.	We	have	identifi	the	sourc	of	the	genet	instabl	in	one	ovarian	tumor	as	a	point	mutat	(r524p)	in	the	human	mismatch-repair	gene	msh2	(salmonella	mut	homologue),	which	ha	recent	been	shown	to	be	involv	in	hereditari	nonpolyposi	colorect	cancer.	patient	2774	wa	a	38-year-old	heterozygote,	and	her	normal	tissu	carri	both	mutant	and	wild-typ	allel	of	the	human	msh2	gene.	howev	the	wild-typ	allel	wa	lost	at	some	point	earli	dure	tumorigenesi	so	that	dna	isol	either	from	the	patient	ovarian	tumor	or	from	the	2774	cell	line	carri	onli	the	mutant	allel	of	the	human	msh2	gene.	the	genet	instabl	observ	in	the	tumor	and	cell	line	dna,	togeth	with	the	germ-lin	mutat	in	a	mismatch-repair	gene,	suggest	that	the	msh2	gene	is	involv	in	the	onset	and/or	progress	in	a	subset	of	ovarian	cancer.
3455778	retroviral-medi	gene	transfer	of	human	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	into	nih	3t3	and	hepatoma	cells.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	caus	by	defici	of	the	hepat	enzym	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	A	full-length	human	pah	cdna	sequenc	ha	been	insert	into	pzip-neosv	(x),	which	is	a	retrovir	vector	contain	the	bacteri	neo	gene.	the	recombin	ha	been	transfect	into	psi	2	cells,	which	provid	synthesi	of	the	retrovir	capsid.	recombin	viru	wa	detect	in	the	cultur	medium	of	the	transfect	psi	2	cells,	which	is	capabl	of	transmit	the	human	pah	gene	into	mous	nih	3t3	cell	by	infect	lead	to	stabl	incorpor	of	the	recombin	provirus.	infect	cell	express	pah	mrna,	immunoreact	pah	protein,	and	exhibit	pterin-depend	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	activity.	the	recombin	viru	is	also	capabl	of	infect	a	mous	hepatoma	cell	line	that	doe	not	normal	synthes	pah.	pah	activ	is	present	in	the	cellular	extract	and	the	entir	hydroxyl	system	is	reconstitut	in	the	hepatoma	cell	infect	with	the	recombin	viruses.	thus,	recombin	virus	contain	human	pah	cdna	provid	a	mean	for	introduc	function	pah	into	mammalian	cell	of	hepat	origin	and	can	potenti	be	introduc	into	whole	anim	as	a	model	for	somat	gene	therapi	for	pku.
7599636	characteris	of	molecular	defect	in	x-link	amelogenesi	imperfecta	(aih1).	amelogenin	are	an	heterogen	famili	of	protein	produc	by	ameloblast	of	the	enamel	organ	dure	tooth	development.	disturb	of	enamel	format	occur	in	amelogenesi	imperfecta,	a	clinic	heterogen	group	of	inherit	disord	characteris	by	defect	enamel	biomineralisation.	An	amelogenin	gene,	amgx,	ha	been	map	to	the	short	of	the	X	chromosom	(xp22.	1-p22.	3)	and	ha	been	implic	in	the	molecular	patholog	of	x-link	amelogenesi	imperfecta	(aih1).	We	have	identifi	three	famili	exhibit	aih1	and	screen	the	amgx	gene	for	mutat	use	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	and	dna	sequencing.	three	novel	mutat	were	identifi	a	c-t	substitut	in	exon	5,	and	a	g-t	substitut	and	singl	cytosin	delet	in	exon	6,	confirm	the	exist	of	extens	allel	heterogen	in	thi	condition.	the	identif	of	family-specif	mutat	will	enabl	earli	identif	of	affect	individu	and	correl	of	clinic	phenotyp	with	genotyp	will	facilit	an	object	system	of	diseas	classif
10192399	the	pendr	syndrom	gene	encod	a	chloride-iodid	transport	protein.	pendr	syndrom	is	the	most	common	form	of	syndrom	deaf	and	character	by	congenit	sensorineur	hear	loss	and	goitre.	thi	disord	wa	map	to	chromosom	7	and	the	gene	caus	pendr	syndrom	(pds)	wa	subsequ	identifi	by	posit	cloning.	pd	encod	a	put	transmembran	protein	design	pendrin.	pendrin	is	close	relat	to	a	famili	of	sulfat	transport	protein	that	includ	the	rat	sulfate-anion	transport	(encod	by	sat-1;	29%	amino	acid	sequenc	identity),	the	human	diastroph	dysplasia	sulfat	transport	(encod	by	dtd;	32%)	and	the	human	sulfat	transport	downregul	in	adenoma	(encod	by	dra;	45%).	On	the	basi	of	thi	homolog	and	the	presenc	of	a	slightli	modifi	sulfate-transport	signatur	sequenc	compris	it	put	second	transmembran	domain,	pendrin	ha	been	propos	to	function	as	a	sulfat	transporter.	We	were	unabl	to	detect	evid	of	sulfat	transport	follow	the	express	of	pendrin	in	xenopu	laevi	oocyt	by	microinject	of	pd	crna	or	in	sf9	cell	follow	infect	with	pds-recombin	baculovirus.	the	rate	of	transport	for	iodid	and	chlorid	were	significantli	increas	follow	the	express	of	pendrin	in	both	cell	systems.	our	result	demonstr	that	pendrin	function	as	a	transport	of	chlorid	and	iodide,	but	not	sulfate,	and	may	provid	insight	into	thyroid	physiolog	and	the	pathophysiolog	of	pendr	syndrome.
161677	linkag	relationship	of	C2	deficiency,	hla	and	glyoxalas	I	loci.	immunogenet	analysi	of	a	homozyg	c2-defici	individu	and	famili	member	demonstr	linkag	of	hla-a25,	b18	and	c2o.	hla-d	type	show	that	5	member	type	with	homozyg	dw2	type	cell	from	an	individu	with	C2	defici	but	not	with	dw2	type	cell	from	2	individu	with	normal	c2.	the	homozyg	c2-defici	propositu	and	brother	were	hla-a	and	B	homozyg	but	heterozyg	at	the	hla-d	and	glyoxalas	I	loci.	therefore,	in	thi	family,	the	c2o	gene	is	link	with	two	distinct	haplotyp	hla-a25,	b18,	dw2,	glo1	and	hla-a25,	b18,	D	unknown,	gl02.	these	result	could	be	explain	by	an	ancestr	recombin	event,	which	occur	between	the	c2o	locu	and	hla-d	locu	in	which	c2o	segreg	with	hla-b.	thi	would	suggest	that	the	locu	for	the	c2o	gene	map	between	hla-b	and	hla-d	on	the	sixth	chromosome.
1319059	A	71-kilodalton	protein	is	a	major	product	of	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	gene	in	brain	and	other	nonmuscl	tissues.	the	known	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene	products,	the	muscle-	and	brain-typ	dystrophin	isoforms,	are	427-kda	protein	translat	from	14-kilobas	(kb)	mrnas.	recent	we	describ	a	6.	5-kb	mrna	that	also	is	transcrib	from	the	dmd	gene.	clone	and	in	vitro	transcript	and	translat	of	the	entir	code	region	show	that	the	6.	5-kb	mrna	encod	a	70.	8-kda	protein	that	is	a	major	product	of	the	dmd	gene.	It	contain	the	c-termin	and	the	cysteine-rich	domain	of	dystrophin,	seven	addit	amino	acid	at	the	N	terminus,	and	some	modif	form	by	altern	splice	in	the	c-termin	domain.	It	lack	the	entir	larg	domain	of	spectrin-lik	repeat	and	the	actin-bind	n-termin	domain	of	dystrophin.	thi	protein	is	the	major	dmd	gene	product	in	brain	and	other	nonmuscl	tissu	but	is	undetect	in	skelet	muscl	extract
1146783	histidinemia.	classic	and	atyp	form	in	siblings.	two	brothers,	6	and	13	year	old,	had	histidinemia.	On	the	basi	of	clinic	and	biochem	observations,	the	younger	boy	wa	consid	to	have	a	classic	type	of	the	disease,	while	the	older	boy	had	an	atyp	form	character	by	partial	impair	of	the	skin	histidas	activ	and	a	moder	prolong	half-lif	of	blood	histidine.	the	mother	is	a	heterozyg	carrier,	while	the	father	and	sister	seem	to	be	normal.
1937471	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	deficiency:	analysi	of	hprt	mutat	by	direct	sequenc	and	allele-specif	amplification.	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	is	a	sever	X	chromosome-link	human	diseas	caus	by	a	virtual	absenc	of	hypoxanthine-guanin	phosphoribosyltransferas	(hprt)	activity.	A	partial	defici	in	the	activ	of	thi	enzym	can	result	in	gouti	arthritis.	To	determin	the	genet	basi	for	reduct	or	loss	of	enzym	activity,	we	have	amplifi	and	sequenc	the	code	region	of	hprt	cdna	from	four	patient	one	with	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	(hprtperth)	and	three	with	partial	defici	of	hprt	activity,	which	have	been	design	hprturangan,	hprtswan	and	hprttoowong.	In	all	four	patients,	the	onli	mutat	identifi	wa	a	singl	base	substitut	in	exon	2	or	3	of	the	code	region,	which	in	each	case	predict	a	singl	amino	acid	substitut	in	the	translat	protein.	each	base	chang	wa	confirm	by	allele-specif	amplif	of	the	patient	genom	dna.	It	is	interest	to	note	that	the	mutat	found	for	hprtperth	is	ident	to	that	report	for	hprtflint.	It	appear	that	the	two	mutat	are	de	novo	events.
3343337	sjogren-larsson	syndrome.	impair	fatti	alcohol	oxid	in	cultur	fibroblast	due	to	defici	fatti	alcohol:nicotinamid	adenin	dinucleotid	oxidoreductas	activity.	lipid	metabol	wa	studi	in	cultur	skin	fibroblast	from	patient	with	the	inherit	disorder,	sjogren-larsson	syndrom	(sls).	intact	sl	fibroblast	incub	in	the	presenc	of	[1-14c]	palmit	accumul	more	radioact	hexadecanol	than	did	normal	cells,	wherea	incorpor	of	radioact	into	other	cellular	lipid	wa	unaltered.	the	hexadecanol	content	of	sl	fibroblast	wa	abnorm	elevated.	hexadecanol	accumul	wa	not	due	to	increas	fatti	alcohol	synthesi	nor	it	defici	util	for	glycerol	ether	synthesis.	the	half-lif	of	intracellular	hexadecanol	load	into	sl	fibroblast	wa	increas	(70	min)	compar	with	normal	(15	min),	and	intact	sl	fibroblast	show	impair	oxid	of	[14c]	-hexadecanol	to	fatti	acid.	fatti	alcohol	nad	+	oxidoreductase,	the	enzym	catalyz	thi	reaction,	wa	defici	in	sl	fibroblasts.	mean	total	activ	in	sl	fibroblast	(n	=	5)	wa	13%	of	that	in	normal	fibroblasts,	and	palmitoyl	coa-inhibit	activ	wa	1%	of	normal.	fibroblast	from	two	oblig	sl	heterozygot	had	enzym	activ	intermedi	between	that	in	normal	fibroblast	and	individu	with	sls.	these	result	suggest	that	the	primari	defect	in	sl	is	defici	of	fatti	alcohol	nad	+	oxidoreductase.	sl	repres	the	first	inherit	disord	in	man	associ	with	an	isol	abnorm	in	fatti	alcohol	metabolism.
10736265	glycerol	as	a	correl	of	impair	glucos	tolerance:	dissect	of	a	complex	system	by	use	of	a	simpl	genet	trait.	glycerol	kinas	(gk)	repres	the	primari	entri	of	glycerol	into	glucos	and	triglycerid	metabolism.	impair	glucos	toler	(igt)	and	hypertriglyceridemia	are	associ	with	an	increas	risk	of	diabet	mellitu	and	cardiovascular	disease.	the	relationship	between	glycerol	and	the	risk	of	igt,	however,	is	poorli	understood.	We	therefor	undertook	the	studi	of	fast	plasma	glycerol	level	in	a	cohort	of	1,	056	unrel	men	and	women	of	french-canadian	descent.	famili	screen	in	the	initi	cohort	identifi	18	men	from	five	famili	with	sever	hyperglycerolemia	(valu	abov	2.	0	mmol/liter)	and	demonstr	an	x-link	pattern	of	inheritance.	linkag	analysi	of	the	data	from	12	microsatellit	marker	surround	the	xp21.	3	GK	gene	result	in	a	peak	lod	score	of	3.	46,	center	around	marker	dxs8039.	In	addition,	sinc	all	of	the	famili	origin	in	a	popul	with	a	proven	founder	effect-th	saguenay	lac-st.	-jean	region	of	quebec-a	common	diseas	haplotyp	wa	sought.	indeed,	a	six-mark	haplotyp	extend	over	a	region	of	5.	5	cM	wa	observ	in	all	families.	resequenc	of	the	GK	gene	in	famili	member	led	to	the	discoveri	of	a	n288d	missens	mutat	in	exon	10,	which	result	in	the	substitut	of	a	highli	conserv	asparagin	residu	by	a	neg	charg	aspart	acid
1505217	assign	of	the	aspartylglucosaminidas	gene	(aga)	to	4q33----q35	base	on	decreas	activ	in	a	girl	with	a	46,xx,del(4)(q33)	karyotype.	aspartylglucosaminuria	(agu)	is	a	recess	autosom	inherit	lysosom	storag	disord	due	to	defici	of	the	enzym	aspartylglucosaminidas	(aga).	the	structur	gene	for	thi	human	enzym	(aga)	ha	been	assign	to	the	region	4q21----qter.	We	determin	the	aga	activ	in	cultur	fibroblast	of	a	girl	with	a	46,	xx,	del	(4)	(q33)	karyotype.	the	result	indic	that	the	girl	is	a	hemizygot	for	aga,	permit	the	assign	of	human	aga	to	the	region	4q33----qter.
10891444	mutat	in	the	fibrinogen	aalpha	gene	account	for	the	major	of	case	of	congenit	afibrinogenemia.	congenit	afibrinogenemia	is	a	rare,	autosomal,	recess	disord	character	by	the	complet	absenc	of	detect	fibrinogen.	We	previous	identifi	the	first	caus	mutat	in	a	nonconsanguin	swiss	family;	the	4	affect	person	have	homozyg	delet	of	approxim	11	kb	of	the	fibrinogen	alpha	(fga)	gene.	haplotyp	data	impli	that	these	delet	occur	on	distinct	ancestr	chromosomes,	suggest	that	thi	region	may	be	suscept	to	delet	by	a	common	mechanism.	We	subsequ	show	that	all	the	delet	were	ident	to	the	base	pair	and	probabl	result	from	a	nonhomolog	recombin	mediat	by	7-bp	direct	repeats.	In	thi	study,	we	have	collect	data	on	13	addit	unrel	patient	to	identifi	the	caus	mutat	and	to	determin	the	preval	of	the	11-kb	deletion.	A	common	recurr	mutation,	at	the	donor	splice	site	of	fga	intron	4	(ivs4	+	1	G	>	t),	account	for	14	of	the	26	(54%)	alleles.	one	patient	wa	heterozyg	for	the	previous	identifi	deletion.	three	more	frameshift	mutations,	2	nonsens	mutations,	and	a	second	splice	site	mutat	were	also	identified.	consequently,	86%	of	afibrinogenemia	allel	analyz	to	date	have	truncat	mutat	of	fga,	though	mutat	in	all	3	fibrinogen	genes,	fgg,	fga,	and	fgb,	might	be	predict	to	caus	congenit	afibrinogenemia.
523196	util	of	purin	by	an	hprt	variant	in	an	intelligent,	nonmutil	patient	with	featur	of	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	the	patient,	H.	chr.	b.,	wa	among	the	first	report	with	hyperuricemia	and	central	nervou	system	symptoms.	He	ha	been	found	to	have	a	variant	of	hypoxanthin	guanin	phosphoribosyl	transferas	(hprt;	E.	C.	2.	4.	2.	8)	distinct	from	the	enzym	present	in	patient	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrome.	the	patient	had	chroeoathetosis,	spasticity,	dysarthr	speech,	and	hyperuricemia.	however,	hi	intellig	wa	normal	and	he	had	no	evid	of	self-mutilation.	there	wa	no	activ	of	hprt	in	the	lysat	of	erythrocyt	and	cultur	fibroblast	when	analyz	in	the	usual	manner.	use	a	newli	develop	method	for	the	studi	of	purin	metabol	in	intact	cultur	cells,	thi	patient	wa	found	to	metabol	some	9%	of	8-14c-hypoxanthine,	and	90%	of	the	isotop	util	wa	convert	to	adenin	and	guanin	nucleotides.	In	contrast,	cell	from	patient	with	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom	were	virtual	complet	unabl	to	convert	hypoxanthin	to	nucleotides.	the	patient	fibroblast	were	even	more	effici	in	the	metabol	of	8-14c-guanine,	which	wa	util	to	the	extent	of	27%,	over	80%	of	which	wa	convert	to	guanin	and	adenin	nucleotides.	the	growth	of	the	cultur	fibroblast	of	thi	patient	wa	intermedi	in	media	contain	hypoxanthin	aminopterin	thymidin	(hat),	wherea	the	growth	of	lesch-nyhan	cell	wa	inhibit	and	normal	cell	grew	normally.	similarli	in	8-azaguanine,	6-thioguanine,	and	8-azahypoxanthine,	the	growth	of	the	patient	cell	wa	intermedi	between	normal	and	lesch-nyhan	cells.	these	observ	provid	further	evid	for	genet	heterogen	among	patient	with	disord	in	purin	metabol	involv	the	hprt	gene.	they	document	that	thi	famou	patient	did	not	have	the	lesch-nyhan	syndrom
8023850	canavan	disease:	mutat	among	jewish	and	non-jewish	patients.	canavan	diseas	is	an	autosom	recess	leukodystrophi	caus	by	the	defici	of	aspartoacylas	(aspa).	sixty-four	proband	were	analyz	for	mutat	in	the	aspa	gene.	three	point	mutations--693c--	>	A,	854a--	>	C,	and	914c--	>	a--wer	identifi	in	the	code	sequence.	the	693c--	>	A	and	914c--	>	A	base	changes,	result	in	nonsens	tyr231--	>	ter	and	missens	ala305--	>	glu	mutations,	respectively,	lead	to	complet	loss	of	aspa	activ	in	in	vitro	express	studies.	the	854a--	>	C	transvers	convert	glu	to	ala	in	codon	285.	the	glu285--	>	ala	mutant	aspa	ha	2.	5%	of	the	activ	express	by	the	wild-typ	enzyme.	A	fourth	mutation,	433	--2	(a--	>	G)	transition,	wa	identifi	at	the	splice-acceptor	site	in	intron	2.	the	splice-sit	mutat	would	lead	to	skip	of	exon	3,	accompani	by	a	frameshift,	and	thu	would	produc	aberr	aspa.	Of	the	128	unrel	canavan	chromosom	analyzed,	88	were	from	proband	of	ashkenazi	jewish	descent.	the	glu285--	>	ala	mutat	wa	predomin	(82.	9%)	in	thi	population,	follow	by	the	tyr231--	>	ter	(14.	8%)	and	433	--2	(a--	>	G)	(1.	1%)	mutations.	the	three	mutat	account	for	98.	8%	of	the	canavan	chromosom	of	ashkenazi	jewish	origin.	the	ala305--	>	glu	mutat	wa	found	exclus	in	non-jewish	proband	of	european	descent	and	constitut	60%	of	the	40	mutant	chromosomes.	predomin	occurr	of	certain	mutat	among	ashkenazi	jewish	and	non-jewish	patient	with	canavan	diseas	would	suggest	a	founding-fath	effect	in	propag	of	these	mutant	chromosom
1678319	identif	of	delet	mutat	and	three	new	gene	at	the	famili	polyposi	locus.	small	(100-260	kb),	nest	delet	were	character	in	dna	from	two	unrel	patient	with	famili	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc).	three	candid	gene	locat	within	the	delet	region	were	ascertain	and	a	previou	candid	gene,	mcc,	wa	shown	to	be	locat	outsid	the	delet	region.	one	of	the	new	gene	contain	sequenc	ident	to	srp19,	the	gene	code	for	the	19	kd	compon	of	the	ribosom	signal	recognit	particle.	the	second,	provision	design	dp1	(delet	in	polyposi	1),	wa	found	to	be	transcrib	in	the	same	orient	as	mcc.	two	other	cdnas,	dp2	and	dp3,	were	found	to	overlap,	form	a	singl	gene,	dp2.	5,	that	is	transcrib	in	the	same	orient	as	srp19
10830910	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	famili	with	delet	in	the	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	gene.	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	diseas	is	a	hereditari	tumor	syndrom	character	by	predisposit	for	bilater	and	multi-centr	hemangioblastoma	in	the	retina	and	central	nervou	system,	pheochromocytoma,	renal	cell	carcinoma,	and	cyst	in	the	kidney,	pancreas,	and	epididymis.	We	describ	five	famili	for	which	direct	sequenc	of	the	code	region	of	the	vhl	gene	had	fail	to	identifi	the	family-specif	mutation.	further	molecular	analysi	reveal	delet	involv	the	vhl	gene	in	each	of	these	families.	In	four	families,	partial	delet	of	one	or	more	exon	were	detect	by	southern	blot	analysis.	In	the	fifth	family,	fish	analysi	demonstr	the	delet	of	the	entir	vhl	gene.	our	result	show	that	(quantitative)	southern	blot	analysi	is	a	sensit	method	for	detect	germlin	delet	of	the	vhl	gene	and	should	be	implement	in	routin	dna	diagnosi	for	vhl	disease.	our	data	support	the	previous	establish	observ	that	famili	with	a	germlin	delet	have	a	low	risk	for	pheochromocytoma.	further	unravel	of	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	vhl	diseas	ha	reveal	that	famili	with	a	full	or	partial	delet	of	the	vhl	gene	exhibit	a	phenotyp	with	a	preponder	of	central	nervou	system	hemangioblastoma.
10767313	understand	the	molecular	basi	of	fragil	X	syndrome.	fragil	X	syndrome,	a	common	form	of	inherit	mental	retardation,	is	mainli	caus	by	massiv	expans	of	cgg	triplet	repeat	locat	in	the	5-untransl	region	of	the	fragil	X	mental	retardation-1	(fmr1)	gene.	In	patient	with	fragil	X	syndrome,	the	expand	cgg	triplet	repeat	are	hypermethyl	and	the	express	of	the	fmr1	gene	is	repressed,	which	lead	to	the	absenc	of	fmr1	protein	(fmrp)	and	subsequ	mental	retardation.	fmrp	is	an	rna-bind	protein	that	shuttl	between	the	nucleu	and	cytoplasm.	thi	protein	ha	been	implic	in	protein	translat	as	it	is	found	associ	with	polyribosom	and	the	rough	endoplasm	reticulum.	We	discuss	here	the	recent	progress	made	toward	understand	the	molecular	mechan	of	cgg	repeat	expans	and	physiolog	function	(s)	of	fmrp.	these	studi	will	not	onli	help	to	illumin	the	molecular	basi	of	the	gener	class	of	human	diseas	with	trinucleotid	repeat	expans	but	also	provid	an	avenu	to	understand	aspect	of	human	cognit	and	intelligence.
7076260	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	defici	in	papua	new	guinea.	the	descript	of	13	new	variants.	A	total	of	362	male	from	variou	region	of	papua	new	guinea	were	screen	for	red	cell	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	activity.	twenty-six	g6pd	defici	individu	were	identified.	biochem	character	of	g6pd	purifi	from	these	subject	ha	reveal	13	new	variant	and	sever	copi	of	previous	describ	form	of	g6pd.	thi	studi	illustr	the	extrem	heterogen	of	g6pd	defici	among	the	peopl	of	papua	new	guinea.
3862128	region	map	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	and	the	phenylketonuria	locu	in	the	human	genome.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	of	amino	acid	metabol	caus	by	a	defici	of	the	hepat	enzym	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah;	phenylalanin	4-monooxygenase,	EC	1.	14.	16.	1).	A	cdna	clone	for	human	pah	ha	previous	been	use	to	assign	the	correspond	gene	to	human	chromosom	12.	To	defin	the	region	map	posit	of	the	diseas	locu	and	the	pah	gene	on	human	chromosom	12,	dna	wa	isol	from	human-hamst	somat	cell	hybrid	with	variou	delet	of	human	chromosom	12	and	wa	analyz	by	southern	blot	analysi	use	the	human	cdna	pah	clone	as	a	hybrid	probe.	from	these	results,	togeth	with	detail	biochem	and	cytogenet	character	of	the	hybrid	cells,	the	region	on	chromosom	12	contain	the	human	pah	gene	ha	been	defin	as	12q14.	3----qter	3----qter.	the	pah	map	posit	on	chromosom	12	wa	further	local	by	in	situ	hybrid	of	125i-label	human	pah	cdna	to	chromosom	prepar	from	a	human	lymphoblastoid	cell	line.	result	of	these	experi	demonstr	that	the	region	on	chromosom	12	contain	the	pah	gene	and	the	pku	locu	in	man	is	12q22----12q24.	1.	these	result	not	onli	provid	a	region	map	posit	for	a	major	human	diseas	locu	but	also	can	serv	as	a	refer	point	for	linkag	analysi	with	other	dna	marker	on	human	chromosom	1
2390095	total	defici	of	plasma	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	in	subject	homozyg	and	heterozyg	for	the	intron	14	splice	defect.	the	molecular	basi	of	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	(cetp)	defici	wa	investig	in	4	unrel	cetp-defici	families.	the	high	densiti	lipoprotein-cholesterol	level	of	the	proband	exceed	150	mg/dl.	the	plasma	of	the	proband	wa	total	defici	in	cetp	activ	and	mass.	the	genom	dna	of	the	patient	wa	amplifi	by	polymeras	chain	reaction,	use	two	oligonucleotid	primer	locat	in	the	intron	12	and	14	of	the	cetp	gene,	and	the	amplifi	product	were	directli	sequenced.	two	patient	were	homozyg	for	a	g-to-a	chang	at	the	5-splice	donor	site	of	the	intron	14.	the	g-to-a	chang	would	caus	impair	splice	of	pre-messeng	rna.	the	other	two	proband	were	heterozyg	for	the	mutation,	but	total	lack	cetp.	their	lipoprotein	pattern	were	also	similar	to	those	of	the	two	homozygotes.	thus,	other	genet	defect	or	metabol	factor	influenc	cetp	express	are	implicated.	the	data	suggest	that	the	g-to-a	mutat	may	be	common	in	human	plasma	cetp	deficiency.	furthermore,	there	could	be	compound	heterozygot	who	total	lack	plasma	cetp	and	have	lipoprotein	profil	similar	to	those	of	homozygotes.
3876122	heterogen	of	type	I	von	willebrand	disease:	evid	for	a	subgroup	with	an	abnorm	von	willebrand	factor.	type	I	von	willebrand	diseas	(vwd)	is	character	by	equal	low	plasma	concentr	of	von	willebrand	factor	antigen	(vwf	ag)	and	ristocetin	cofactor	(ricof)	and	by	the	presenc	of	all	vwf	multim	in	sodium	dodecyl	sulfat	(sds)	-agaros	gel	electrophoresis.	for	17	patient	(13	kindreds)	diagnos	with	these	criteria,	we	have	studi	the	platelet	content	of	vwf	Ag	and	ricof	and	the	chang	of	these	in	plasma	after	ddavp	infusion.	platelet	vwf	Ag	and	ricof	were	normal	in	four	kindr	(call	"	platelet	normal	"	subgroup);	follow	1-deamino-8-d-arginin	vasopressin;	plasma	vwf	ag,	ricof	and	the	bleed	time	(bt)	becam	normal.	In	six	kindreds,	platelet	vwf	Ag	and	ricof	were	equal	low	(platelet	low);	after	ddavp,	plasma	vwf	Ag	and	ricof	remain	low,	and	the	BT	wa	prolonged.	In	three	addit	kindreds,	platelet	contain	normal	concentr	of	vwf	ag,	but	ricof	wa	veri	low	(platelet	discordant);	even	though	a	complet	set	of	multim	wa	found	in	plasma	and	platelets,	there	wa	a	rel	small	amount	of	larg	multimers.	after	ddavp,	plasma	vwf	Ag	becam	normal,	but	ricof	remain	low	and	the	BT	wa	veri	prolonged.	these	find	demonstr	that	there	can	be	an	abnorm	vwf	(ricof	less	than	vwf	ag)	even	in	type	I	vwd,	coexist	with	a	complet	set	of	vwf	multim	(platelet	discordant);	that	the	abnorm	vwf	can	be	shown	more	clearli	in	platelet	than	in	plasma	or	els	in	plasma	after	ddavp	infusion;	and	that	ddavp	normal	the	BT	onli	in	those	patient	with	normal	platelet	level	of	both	vwf	Ag	and	ricof	(platelet	normal).
1303171	character	of	a	yac	contain	part	or	all	of	the	norri	diseas	locus.	It	ha	been	shown	from	pulsed-field	gel	electrophoresi	(pfge)	that	the	monoamin	oxidas	gene	A	and	B	(maoa	&	maob)	and	dxs7	loci	are	physic	veri	close.	We	have	therefor	extend	studi	on	their	relationship	through	the	characteris	of	a	650	kb	yac	isol	use	l1.	28	(recognis	the	dxs7	locus)	as	a	probe.	restrict	map	of	the	yac	indic	that	it	contain	both	maoa	and	maob	gene	in	addit	to	the	dxs7	locus.	the	map	deriv	from	the	yl1.	28-yac	is	compat	both	with	the	map	from	an	independ	deriv	yac	carri	maoa	and	B	gene	and	with	the	long	rang	genom	map	for	the	region.	A	seri	of	subclon	prepar	from	a	phage	librari	(lambda	dash	ii)	of	the	yac	have	been	characteris	and	have	been	employ	to	determin	the	end	point	of	the	delet	of	a	norri	diseas	(ndp)	patient	who	ha	been	shown	to	lack	both	dxs7	and	mao	code	sequences.	the	pattern	of	retent	of	subclon	in	the	delet	patient	place	the	end	point	of	the	delet	within	30-130	kb	of	the	proxim	end	of	the	yac.	By	combin	the	data	with	establish	recombin	analysis,	we	provid	evid	that	all	or	part	of	the	ndp	lie	in	the	interv	of	approxim	250kb	within	the	yac
8477262	identif	of	mutat	in	danish	choroideremia	families.	We	have	search	for	mutat	in	the	choroideremia	gene	(chm)	in	patient	from	12	danish	famili	in	which	chm	is	segregating.	employ	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr),	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	analysis,	and	direct	dna	sequencing,	differ	mutat	have	been	identifi	in	6	patients.	all	the	mutat	will	interfer	with	the	correct	translat	of	the	mrna	predict	a	truncat	protein	or	no	gene	product	at	all.
10543403	g130v,	a	common	frda	point	mutation,	appear	to	have	arisen	from	a	common	founder.	friedreich	ataxia	(frda)	is	the	most	common	inherit	ataxia.	about	98%	of	mutant	allel	have	an	expans	of	a	gaa	trinucleotid	repeat	in	intron	1	of	the	affect	gene,	frda.	the	other	2%	are	point	mutations.	Of	the	17	point	mutat	so	far	described,	three	appear	to	be	more	common.	one	of	these	is	the	g130v	mutat	in	exon	4	of	frda.	g130v,	when	present	with	an	expand	gaa	repeat	on	the	other	allele,	is	associ	with	an	atyp	frda	phenotype.	haplotyp	analysi	wa	undertaken	on	the	four	famili	who	have	been	describ	with	thi	mutation.	the	result	suggest	a	common	founder	for	thi	mutation.	although	mark	differ	in	extragen	marker	haplotyp	were	seen	in	one	family,	similar	intragen	haplotyp	suggest	the	same	mutat	founder	for	thi	famili	with	the	differ	explic	by	two	recombin	events.
7605382	frequenc	of	exon	15	missens	mutat	(442d:g)	in	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	gene	in	hyperalphalipoproteinem	japanes	subjects.	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	(cetp)	transfer	cholesteryl	ester	from	high	densiti	lipoprotein	(hdl)	to	apo	b-contain	lipoproteins.	the	hyperalphalipoproteinemia	caus	by	cetp	defici	is	fairli	common	in	japan	and	one	of	the	most	common	mutat	in	the	cetp	gene	is	the	splice	defect	of	the	intron	14,	the	allel	frequenc	of	which	ha	been	shown	to	be	0.	0049	in	the	japanes	gener	population.	recently,	we	have	report	a	missens	mutat	in	exon	15	of	the	cetp	gene	(442d	g),	show	a	domin	effect	on	the	cetp	activ	and	hdl-cholesterol	level.	In	the	current	study,	we	determin	the	frequenc	of	thi	new	mutat	in	japanes	hyperalphalipoproteinem	(hdl-cholesterol	>	or	=	100	mg/dl)	subjects.	A	rapid	and	easi	screen	method	for	thi	new	mutat	wa	develop	use	a	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	-mediat	site-direct	mutagenesis.	among	117	japanes	hyperalphalipoproteinem	subject	(hdl-cholesterol;	116.	7	+/-	16.	5	mg/dl,	mean	+/-	S.	d.)	without	the	intron	14	splice	defect,	three	homozygot	(2.	5%)	and	34	heterozygot	(29.	1%)	were	found	to	have	the	442d	G	mutation.	the	rel	allel	frequenc	of	thi	mutat	wa	calcul	to	be	0.	17.	one	of	the	homozygot	for	the	442d	G	mutat	wa	the	patient	previous	describ	by	us	as	have	hyperalphalipoproteinemia	with	corneal	opac	and	coronari	heart	disease.	thi	wa	the	first	report	subject	homozyg	for	the	cetp	defici	who	also	demonstr	atherosclerot	symptoms.	In	homozyg	subjects,	cetp	activ	rang	from	37%	to	62%	of	the	normal	value,	which	wa	consist	with	the	result	obtain	from	the	transient	express	experi	previous	reported;	however,	the	specif	activ	of	cetp	wa	not	as	low	as	expected.	(abstract	truncat	AT	250	word
10071193	fibroblast	growth	factor	homolog	factor	2	(fhf2):	gene	structure,	express	and	map	to	the	borjeson-forssman-lehmann	syndrom	region	in	xq26	delin	by	a	duplic	breakpoint	in	a	bfls-like	patient.	borjeson-forssman-lehmann	syndrom	(bfls)	is	a	syndrom	x-link	mental	retardation,	which	map	by	linkag	to	the	q26	region	of	the	human	X	chromosome.	We	have	identifi	a	male	patient	with	bfls-like	featur	and	a	duplication,	46,	Y,	dup	(x)	(q26q28),	inherit	from	hi	phenotyp	normal	mother.	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridis	use	yeast	artifici	chromosom	clone	from	xq26	localis	the	duplic	breakpoint	to	an	approxim	400-kb	interv	in	the	xq26.	3	region	between	dxs155	and	dxs294/dxs730.	databas	search	and	analysi	of	avail	genom	dna	sequenc	from	the	region	reveal	the	presenc	of	the	fibroblast	growth	factor	homolog	factor	gene,	fhf2,	within	the	duplic	breakpoint	interval.	the	gene	structur	of	fhf2	wa	determin	and	two	new	exon	were	identified,	includ	a	new	5	end	exon,	1b.	fhf2	is	a	larg	gene	extend	over	approxim	200	kb	in	xq26.	3	and	is	compos	of	at	least	seven	exons.	It	show	tissue-specif	altern	splice	and	altern	transcript	starts.	northern	blot	hybridis	show	highest	express	in	brain	and	skelet	muscle.	the	fhf2	gene	localis	and	tissue-specif	express	pattern	suggest	it	to	be	a	candid	gene	for	famili	case	of	the	bfl	syndrom	and	other	syndrom	and	non-specif	form	of	x-link	mental	retard	map	to	the	region
8098245	illegitim	transcript	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	in	lymphocyt	for	identif	of	mutat	in	phenylketonuria.	take	advantag	of	the	illegitim	transcript	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	gene,	we	have	been	abl	to	analys	the	pah	cdna	sequenc	of	hyperphenylalaninem	children	in	circul	lymphocytes.	use	thi	approach,	we	have	also	identifi	3	novel	mutat	in	cdna	from	liver	and	lymphocyt	of	two	patients.	one	mutation,	detect	by	the	abnorm	pattern	of	migrat	of	an	amplifi	fragment,	is	a	C	to	T	transit	in	the	splice	acceptor	site	of	intron	10,	which	result	in	the	skip	of	exon	11	with	the	prematur	termin	of	rna	translat	downstream	from	exon	12	(-3	ivs10).	the	other	two	mutat	are	missens	mutat	in	exon	10	and	11	(respectively,	l333f	and	e390g).	the	present	studi	support	the	view	that	circul	lymphocyt	give	easi	access	to	pah	gene	transcript	whose	nucleotid	sequenc	is	ident	to	that	report	in	liver	and	therefor	repres	a	use	tool	for	molecular	genet	studi	in	phenylketonuria.
10958786	function	of	an	axon	chemoattract	modul	by	metalloproteas	activity.	the	axon	chemoattract	netrin-1	guid	spinal	commissur	axon	by	activ	it	receptor	dcc	(delet	in	colorect	cancer	).	We	have	found	that	chemic	inhibitor	of	metalloproteas	potenti	netrin-medi	axon	outgrowth	in	vitro.	We	have	also	found	that	dcc	is	a	substrat	for	metalloprotease-depend	ectodomain	shedding,	and	that	the	inhibitor	block	proteolyt	process	of	dcc	and	caus	an	increas	in	dcc	protein	level	on	axon	within	spinal	cord	explants.	thus,	potenti	of	netrin	activ	by	inhibitor	may	result	from	stabil	of	dcc	on	the	axons,	and	proteolyt	activ	may	regul	axon	migrat	by	control	the	number	of	function	extracellular	axon	guidanc	receptors.
2886237	choroideremia:	close	linkag	to	dxys1	and	dxys12	demonstr	by	segreg	analysi	and	historical-genealog	evidence.	linkag	studi	use	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	were	conduct	in	the	x-link	disorder,	choroideremia,	design	tcd	for	progress	tapeto-choroid	dystrophy.	previous	demonstr	close	linkag	with	locu	dxys1	wa	confirm	(lod	11.	44	at	0	recombin	distance).	In	addition,	locu	dxys12	wa	found	to	be	close	link	with	tcd	(lod	3.	31	at	0	recombin	distance).	the	diseas	mainli	occur	in	three	larg	kindr	in	remot	northern	finland.	while	formal	genealog	proof	is	lacking,	all	present	live	(more	than	80	affect	male	and	120	carrier	females)	probabl	origin	from	a	common	founder	coupl	born	in	1644	and	1646,	twelv	gener	ago.	all	36	patient	and	48	carrier	test	from	the	three	kindr	had	the	same	haplotyp	(tcd/dxys1,	11kb/dxys12,	1.	6kb).	given	that	at	least	105	femal	meios	transmit	tcd	have	occur	sinc	1650	in	these	kindreds,	extrem	close	linkag	between	tcd,	dxys1	and	dxys12	is	suggested.	the	abov	haplotyp	is	a	veri	use	diagnost	tool	in	these	tcd	families.	We	suggest	that	our	historical-genealog	approach	to	linkag	analysi	may	be	possibl	elsewher	in	similar	isol	popul
10369870	function	consequ	of	mutat	in	the	earli	growth	respons	2	gene	(egr2)	correl	with	sever	of	human	myelinopathies.	the	earli	growth	respons	2	gene	(egr2)	is	a	cys2his2zinc	finger	transcript	factor	which	is	thought	to	play	a	role	in	the	regul	of	peripher	nervou	system	myelination.	thi	idea	is	base	partli	on	the	phenotyp	of	homozyg	krox20	(egr2)	knockout	mice,	which	display	hypomyelin	of	the	pn	and	a	block	of	schwann	cell	at	an	earli	stage	of	differentiation.	mutat	in	the	human	egr2	gene	have	recent	been	associ	with	the	inherit	peripher	neuropathi	charcot-marie-tooth	type	1,	dejerine-sotta	syndrom	and	congenit	hypomyelin	neuropathy.	three	of	the	four	egr2	mutat	are	domin	and	occur	within	the	zinc	finger	dna-bind	domain.	the	fourth	mutat	is	recess	and	affect	the	inhibitori	domain	(r1)	that	bind	the	nab	transcript	co-repressors.	A	combin	of	dna-bind	assay	and	transcript	analysi	wa	use	to	determin	the	function	consequ	of	these	mutations.	the	zinc	finger	mutat	affect	dna	bind	and	the	amount	of	residu	bind	directli	correl	with	diseas	severity.	the	R1	domain	mutat	prevent	interact	of	egr2	with	the	nab	co-repressor	and	therebi	increas	transcript	activity.	these	data	provid	insight	into	the	possibl	diseas	mechan	underli	egr2	mutat	and	the	reason	for	vari	sever	and	differ	in	inherit	patterns.
2786201	molecular	basi	of	human	von	willebrand	disease:	analysi	of	platelet	von	willebrand	factor	mrna.	von	willebrand	diseas	(vwd),	the	most	common	inherit	bleed	disord	in	humans,	can	result	from	either	a	quantit	or	a	qualit	defect	in	the	adhes	glycoprotein,	von	willebrand	factor	(vwf).	molecular	studi	of	vwd	have	been	limit	by	the	larg	size	of	the	vwf	gene	and	difficulti	in	obtain	the	vwf	mrna	from	patients.	By	use	of	an	adapt	of	the	polymeras	chain	reaction,	vwf	mrna	wa	amplifi	and	sequenc	from	peripher	blood	platelets.	A	silent	vwf	allel	wa	identified,	result	from	a	ci	defect	in	vwf	mrna	transcript	or	processing.	In	two	type	iia	vwd	patients,	two	differ	but	adjac	missens	mutat	were	identified,	the	locat	of	which	may	identifi	an	import	vwf	function	domain.	express	in	heterolog	cell	of	recombin	vwf	contain	one	of	these	latter	mutat	reproduc	the	characterist	structur	abnorm	seen	in	type	iia	vwd	plasma.
10430930	A	transgen	insert	creat	a	herit	chromosom	delet	mous	model	of	prader-willi	and	angelman	syndromes.	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	and	angelman	syndrom	(as)	result	from	the	loss	of	function	of	imprint	gene	in	human	chromosom	15q11-q13.	the	central	part	of	mous	chromosom	7	is	homolog	to	human	15q11-q13,	with	conserv	of	both	gene	order	and	imprint	features.	We	report	here	the	character	of	a	transgen	insert	(epstein-barr	viru	latent	membran	protein	2a,	lmp2a)	into	mous	chromosom	7c,	which	ha	result	in	mous	model	for	pw	and	AS	depend	on	the	sex	of	the	transmit	parent.	epigenotyp	(allel	express	and	dna	methylation)	and	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	analys	indic	that	the	transgene-induc	mutat	ha	gener	a	complet	delet	of	the	pws/as-homolog	region	but	ha	not	delet	flank	loci.	becaus	the	intact	chromosom	7,	opposit	the	delet	homolog,	maintain	the	correct	imprint	in	somat	cell	of	pw	and	AS	mice	and	establish	the	correct	imprint	in	male	and	femal	germ	cell	of	AS	mice,	homolog	associ	and	replic	asynchroni	are	not	part	of	the	imprint	mechanism.	thi	heritable-delet	mous	model	will	be	particularli	use	for	the	identif	of	the	etiolog	gene	and	mechanisms,	phenotyp	basis,	and	investig	of	therapeut	approach	for	pws.
10747931	transgen	mice	express	a	truncat	form	of	the	high	mobil	group	i-c	protein	develop	adipos	and	an	abnorm	high	preval	of	lipomas.	chromosom	transloc	in	human	lipoma	frequent	creat	fusion	transcript	encod	high	mobil	group	(hmg)	i-c	dna-bind	domain	and	c-termin	sequenc	from	differ	presum	transcript	factors,	suggest	a	potenti	role	for	hmg	i-c	in	the	develop	of	lipomas.	To	evalu	the	role	of	the	hmg	i-c	component,	the	three	dna-bind	domain	of	hmg	i-c	have	now	been	express	in	transgen	mice.	despit	the	ubiquit	express	of	the	truncat	hmg	i-c	protein,	the	transgen	mice	develop	a	select	abund	of	fat	tissu	earli	in	life,	show	mark	adipos	tissu	inflammation,	and	have	an	abnorm	high	incid	of	lipomas.	these	find	demonstr	that	the	dna-bind	domain	of	hmg	i-c,	in	the	absenc	of	a	c-termin	fusion	partner,	are	suffici	to	perturb	adipogenesi	and	predispos	to	lipomas.	We	provid	data	support	the	central	util	of	thi	anim	model	as	a	tool	to	understand	the	molecular	mechan	underli	the	develop	of	one	of	the	most	common	kind	of	human	benign	tumors.
10051005	A	common	msh2	mutat	in	english	and	north	american	hnpcc	families:	origin,	phenotyp	expression,	and	sex	specif	differ	in	colorect	cancer.	the	frequency,	origin,	and	phenotyp	express	of	a	germlin	msh2	gene	mutat	previous	identifi	in	seven	kindr	with	hereditari	non-polyposi	cancer	syndrom	(hnpcc)	wa	investigated.	the	mutat	(a--	>	T	at	nt943	+	3)	disrupt	the	3	splice	site	of	exon	5	lead	to	the	delet	of	thi	exon	from	msh2	mrna	and	repres	the	onli	frequent	msh2	mutat	so	far	reported.	although	thi	mutat	wa	initi	detect	in	four	of	33	colorect	cancer	famili	analys	from	eastern	england,	more	extens	analysi	ha	reduc	the	frequenc	to	four	of	52	(8%)	english	hnpcc	kindr	analysed.	In	contrast,	the	msh2	mutat	wa	identifi	in	10	of	20	(50%)	separ	identifi	colorect	famili	from	newfoundland.	To	investig	the	origin	of	thi	mutat	in	colorect	cancer	famili	from	england	(n	=	4),	newfoundland	(n	=	10),	and	the	unit	state	(n	=	3),	haplotyp	analysi	use	microsatellit	marker	link	to	msh2	wa	performed.	within	the	english	and	US	famili	there	wa	littl	evid	for	a	recent	common	origin	of	the	msh2	splice	site	mutat	in	most	families.	In	contrast,	a	common	haplotyp	wa	identifi	at	the	two	flank	marker	(ca5	and	d2s288)	in	eight	of	the	newfoundland	families.	these	find	suggest	a	founder	effect	within	newfoundland	similar	to	that	report	by	other	for	two	mlh1	mutat	in	finnish	hnpcc	families.	We	calcul	age	relat	risk	of	all,	colorectal,	endometrial,	and	ovarian	cancer	in	nt943	+	3	a--	>	T	msh2	mutat	carrier	(n	=	76)	for	all	patient	and	for	men	and	women	separately.	for	both	sex	combined,	the	penetr	at	age	60	year	for	all	cancer	and	for	colorect	cancer	were	0.	86	and	0.	57,	respectively.	the	risk	of	colorect	cancer	wa	significantli	higher	(p	<	0.	01)	in	male	than	femal	(0.	63	v	0.	30	and	0.	84	v	0.	44	at	age	50	and	60	years,	respectively).	for	femal	there	wa	a	high	risk	of	endometri	cancer	(0.	5	at	age	60	years)	and	premenopaus	ovarian	cancer	(0.	2	at	50	years).	these	intersex	differ	in	colorect	cancer	risk	have	implic	for	screen	programm	and	for	attempt	to	identifi	colorect	cancer	suscept	modifi
7814011	novel	mutat	at	the	initi	codon	in	the	norri	diseas	gene	in	two	japanes	families.	We	have	identifi	a	new	mutat	of	norri	diseas	(nd)	gene	in	two	japanes	male	from	unrel	families;	they	show	typic	ocular	featur	of	ND	but	no	mental	retard	or	hear	impairment.	A	mutat	wa	found	in	both	patient	at	the	initi	codon	of	exon	2	of	the	ND	gene	(atg	to	gtg),	with	otherwis	normal	nucleotid	sequences.	their	mother	had	the	normal	and	mutant	type	of	the	gene,	which	wa	expect	for	heterozygot	of	the	disease.	the	mutat	of	the	initi	codon	would	caus	the	failur	of	ND	gene	express	or	a	defect	in	translat	therebi	truncat	the	amino	terminu	of	ND	protein.	In	view	of	the	rariti	and	mark	heterogen	of	mutat	in	the	ND	gene,	the	present	appar	unrel	japanes	famili	who	have	live	in	the	same	area	for	over	two	centuri	presum	share	the	origin	of	the	mutation.
8571953	haplotyp	and	phenotyp	analysi	of	six	recurr	brca1	mutat	in	61	families:	result	of	an	intern	study.	sever	brca1	mutat	have	now	been	found	to	occur	in	geograph	divers	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	families.	To	investig	mutat	origin	and	mutation-specif	phenotyp	due	to	brca1,	we	construct	a	haplotyp	of	nine	polymorph	marker	within	or	immedi	flank	the	brca1	locu	in	a	set	of	61	breast/ovarian	cancer	famili	select	for	have	one	of	six	recurr	brca1	mutations.	test	of	both	mutat	and	family-specif	differ	in	age	at	diagnosi	were	not	significant.	A	comparison	of	the	six	mutat	in	the	rel	proport	of	case	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	wa	suggest	of	an	effect	(P	=.	069),	with	57%	of	women	presum	affect	becaus	of	the	1294	del	40	brca1	mutat	have	ovarian	cancer,	compar	with	14%	of	affect	women	with	the	splice-sit	mutat	in	intron	5	of	brca1.	for	the	brca1	mutat	studi	here,	the	individu	mutat	are	estim	to	have	arisen	9-170	gener	ago.	In	general,	a	high	degre	of	haplotyp	conserv	across	the	region	wa	observed,	with	haplotyp	differ	most	often	due	to	mutat	in	the	short-tandem-repeat	markers,	although	some	like	instanc	of	recombin	also	were	observed.	for	sever	of	the	instances,	there	wa	evid	for	multiple,	independent,	brca1	mutat	event
7166314	A	new	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	variant	(g6pd	nagano)	associ	with	congenit	hemolyt	anemia.	A	new	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	variant	associ	with	chronic	nonspherocyt	hemolyt	anemia	wa	reported.	the	patient,	a	6-year-old	japanes	male,	wa	notic	to	have	hemolyt	anemia	soon	after	birth,	and	a	diagnosi	of	g6pd	defici	wa	made	at	the	age	of	2.	He	had	episod	of	hemolyt	crisi	sever	time	after	upper	respiratori	infection.	g6pd	activ	of	the	patient	wa	5.	5%	of	normal.	the	enzymat	characterist	were	examin	when	he	wa	5	year	old,	and	hi	g6pd	show	faster-than-norm	electrophoret	mobility,	low	Km	g6p,	high	Km	nadp,	low	Ki	nadph,	normal	util	of	substrat	analogues,	heat	instability,	and	a	normal	pH	optimum	curve.	from	these	results,	thi	wa	consid	to	be	a	new	variant	and	wa	design	g6pd	nagano.	infection-induc	hemolysi	and	chronic	hemolyt	anemia	seem	to	be	due	to	markedli	impair	enzym	activ	and	thermal	instabl
1468459	craniofrontonas	dysplasia.	We	report	on	nine	patient	with	craniofrontonas	dysplasia	(cfnd).	seven	classic	case	had	facial	featur	suggest	of	frontonas	dysplasia	and	coron	craniosynostosis.	extracrani	abnorm	such	as	brittl	nail	with	promin	longitudin	groov	or	syndactyli	of	finger	and	toe	were	observ	in	individu	patients.	In	two	famili	the	father	of	classic	case	show	a	milder	pattern	of	abnormalities,	consist	with	the	diagnosis.	We	present	a	2-	to	13-year	follow-up	on	our	patients.	hypotonia	and	laxiti	of	joint	are	common	and	may	necessit	support	measures.	mild	development	delay	wa	note	in	three	out	of	six	classic	case	studi	in	detail.	unlik	almost	all	other	x-link	disorders,	clinic	express	in	cfnd	is	gener	much	more	sever	in	femal	than	in	males.	In	contrast	to	previou	report	of	thi	condition,	one	of	our	sever	affect	case	is	a	male.
1707231	A	new	mutat	in	the	proteolipid	protein	(plp)	gene	in	a	german	famili	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.	A	c-to-t	transit	in	exon	4	of	the	plp	gene	wa	found	in	2	affect	male	and	two	oblig	carrier	in	a	german	famili	with	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease.	the	mutation,	which	caus	loss	of	an	hphi	site	and	chang	amino	acid	155	from	threonin	to	isoleucine,	wa	absent	from	108	normal	chromosomes.	there	are	5	concord	and	1	discrep	between	these	result	and	those	obtain	by	magnet	reson	imag	in	thi	family.
7579347	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	and	x-link	congenit	thrombocytopenia	are	caus	by	mutat	of	the	same	gene.	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	is	an	x-link	recess	disord	character	by	thrombocytopenia,	small	platelets,	eczema,	recurr	infections,	and	immunodeficiency.	besid	the	classic	wa	phenotype,	there	is	a	group	of	patient	with	congenit	x-link	thrombocytopenia	(xlt)	who	have	small	platelet	but	onli	transient	eczema,	if	any,	and	minim	immun	deficiency.	becaus	the	gene	respons	for	wa	ha	been	sequenced,	it	wa	possibl	to	correl	the	wa	phenotyp	with	wa	gene	mutations.	use	a	fingerprint	screen	technique,	we	determin	the	approxim	locat	of	the	mutat	in	13	unrel	wa	patient	with	mild	to	sever	clinic	symptoms.	direct	sequenc	analysi	of	cdna	and	genom	dna	obtain	from	patient-deriv	cell	line	show	12	uniqu	mutat	distribut	throughout	the	wa	gene,	includ	insertions,	deletions,	and	point	mutat	result	in	amino	acid	substitutions,	termination,	exon	skipping,	or	splice	defects.	Of	4	unrel	patient	with	the	xlt	phenotype,	3	had	missens	mutat	affect	exon	2	and	1	had	a	splice-sit	mutat	affect	exon	9.	patient	with	classic	wa	had	more	complex	mutations,	result	in	termin	codons,	frameshift,	and	earli	termination.	these	find	provid	direct	evid	that	xlt	and	wa	are	caus	by	mutat	of	the	same	gene	and	suggest	that	sever	clinic	phenotyp	are	associ	with	complex	mutations.
1709636	A	3-base	pair	in-fram	delet	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	result	in	a	kinet	variant	of	phenylketonuria.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	is	an	autosom	recess	diseas	due	to	defici	of	a	hepat	enzyme,	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	the	absenc	of	pah	activ	result	in	typic	pku	while	persist	of	a	residu	enzym	activ	give	rise	to	variant	form	of	the	disease.	We	report	here	a	3-base	pair	in-fram	delet	of	the	pah	gene	(delta	194)	in	a	mild	variant,	with	markedli	reduc	affin	of	the	enzym	for	phenylalanin	(km	=	160	nm),	and	we	provid	function	evid	for	respons	of	the	delet	in	the	mutant	phenotype.	sinc	the	delet	wa	locat	in	the	third	exon	of	the	gene,	which	present	no	homolog	with	other	hydroxylases,	we	suggest	that	exon	3	is	involv	in	the	specif	of	the	enzym	for	phenylalanine.	finally,	sinc	none	of	the	98	pku	patient	test	were	found	to	carri	thi	particular	deletion,	our	studi	suggest	that	thi	molecular	event	probabl	occur	recent	on	the	background	of	a	haplotyp	2	gene	in	portugal.
10633128	friedreich	ataxia:	an	overview.	friedreich	ataxia,	an	autosom	recess	neurodegen	disease,	is	the	most	common	of	the	inherit	ataxias.	the	recent	discoveri	of	the	gene	that	is	mutat	in	thi	condition,	frda,	ha	led	to	rapid	advanc	in	the	understand	of	the	pathogenesi	of	friedreich	ataxia.	about	98%	of	mutant	allel	have	an	expans	of	a	gaa	trinucleotid	repeat	in	intron	1	of	the	gene.	thi	lead	to	reduc	level	of	the	protein,	frataxin.	there	is	mount	evid	to	suggest	that	friedreich	ataxia	is	the	result	of	accumul	of	iron	in	mitochondria	lead	to	excess	product	of	free	radicals,	which	then	result	in	cellular	damag	and	death.	current	there	is	no	known	treatment	that	alter	the	natur	cours	of	the	disease.	the	discoveri	of	the	frda	gene	and	it	possibl	function	ha	rais	hope	that	ration	therapeut	strategi	will	be	developed.
10737119	clinic	and	molecular	genet	of	primari	dystonias.	primari	dystonia	are	movement	disord	with	dystonia	as	a	major	symptom.	they	are	frequent	inherit	as	mendelian	traits.	there	are	at	least	eight	clinic	distinct	autosom	domin	and	two	x-link	recess	forms.	In	addition,	pedigre	analys	suggest	the	occurr	of	an	autosom	recess	variant.	the	clinic	classif	is	increasingli	be	replac	by	a	genet	one.	To	date	gene	loci	have	been	identifi	in	at	least	six	autosom	domin	forms,	i.	e.,	in	idiopath	torsion	dystonia	(9q34),	focal	dystonia	(18p),	adult-onset	idiopath	torsion	dystonia	of	mix	type	(8p21-q22),	dopa-respons	dystonia	(14q22.	1-q22.	2),	and	paroxysm	dyston	choreoathetosi	(2q25-q33;	1p21-p13.	3).	gene	loci	in	the	x-link	recess	form	have	been	assign	to	xq13.	1	in	the	x-link	dystonia	parkinson	syndrom	and	to	xq22	in	x-link	sensorineur	deafness,	dystonia,	and	mental	retardation.	the	diseas	gene	have	been	identifi	in	two	autosom	domin	form	and	in	one	x-link	recess	form.	mutat	in	a	gene	code	for	an	atp-bind	protein	were	detect	in	idiopath	torsion	dystonia	(dyt1),	and	the	gtp	cyclohydrolas	1	gene	is	mutat	in	dopa-respons	dystonia	(dyt5).	In	sensorineur	deafness,	dystonia,	and	mental	retard	,	mutat	were	found	in	the	gene	ddp	code	for	a	polypeptid	of	unknown	function.	thi	articl	review	the	clinic	and	molecular	genet	of	primari	dystonias,	critic	discuss	present	findings,	and	propos	refer	to	the	known	forms,	most	of	which	can	be	distinguish	by	genet	criteria,	as	dystonia	1-12
10533031	clinic	and	genet	studi	of	friedreich	ataxia	in	an	australian	population.	friedreich	ataxia	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	caus	by	mutat	in	the	frda	gene	that	encod	a	210-amino	acid	protein	call	frataxin.	An	expans	of	a	gaa	trinucleotid	repeat	in	intron	1	of	the	gene	is	present	in	more	than	95%	of	mutant	alleles.	Of	the	83	peopl	we	studi	who	have	mutat	in	frda,	78	are	homozyg	for	an	expand	gaa	repeat;	the	other	five	patient	have	an	expans	in	one	allel	and	a	point	mutat	in	the	other.	here	we	present	a	detail	clinic	and	genet	studi	of	a	subset	of	51	patient	homozyg	for	an	expans	of	the	gaa	repeat.	We	found	a	correl	between	the	size	of	the	smaller	of	the	two	expand	allel	and	age	at	onset,	age	into	wheelchair,	scoliosis,	impair	vibrat	sense,	and	the	presenc	of	foot	deformity.	there	wa	no	signific	correl	between	the	size	of	the	smaller	allel	and	cardiomyopathy,	diabet	mellitus,	loss	of	proprioception,	or	bladder	symptoms.	the	larger	allel	size	correl	with	bladder	symptom	and	the	presenc	of	foot	deformity.	the	durat	of	diseas	is	correl	with	wheelchair	use	and	the	presenc	of	diabetes,	scoliosis,	bladder	symptom	and	impair	proprioception,	and	vibrat	sens	but	no	other	complic	studied.
492812	recurr	meningococc	mening	with	absenc	of	the	sixth	compon	of	complement:	an	evalu	of	underli	immunolog	mechanisms.	A	51/2-year-old	black	girl	with	recurr	meningococc	mening	and	absenc	of	the	sixth	compon	of	complement	(c6)	is	reported.	To	explor	the	pathogenesi	of	recurr	neisseri	infect	in	C6	deficiency,	a	detail	analysi	of	her	immun	compet	wa	conducted.	her	serum	had	normal	chemotactic,	opsonic,	altern	complement	pathway,	and	specif	antibodi	activity,	but	lack	complement-medi	bacteriolyt	activity.	In	addition,	her	c6-defici	serum	wa	indistinguish	from	normal	serum	in	a	complement-depend	assay	of	phagocyt	bactericid	activity.	absent	bacteriolysi	remain	the	onli	consist	defect	associ	with	recurr	neisseri	infect	and	absenc	of	one	of	the	late-act	complement	components.
10519880	mutat	of	the	sterol	27-hydroxylas	gene	(cyp27)	result	in	truncat	of	mrna	express	in	leucocyt	in	a	japanes	famili	with	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosis.	object	A	japanes	famili	with	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx)	wa	investig	for	a	sequenc	alter	in	the	sterol	27-hydroxylas	gene	(cyp27).	the	express	of	cyp27	ha	been	mostli	explor	use	cultur	fibroblasts,	prompt	the	examin	of	the	transcript	from	blood	leucocyt	as	a	simpl	and	rapid	technique.	method	An	alter	in	cyp27	of	the	proband	wa	search	for	by	polymeras	chain	reaction-singl	strand	conform	polymorph	(pcr-sscp)	analysi	and	subsequ	sequencing.	sampl	of	rna	were	subject	to	revers	transcript	pcr	(rt-pcr)	and	the	product	of	the	proband	wa	amplifi	with	nest	primer	and	sequenced.	result	A	homozyg	G	to	A	transit	at	the	5	end	of	intron	7	wa	detect	in	the	patient.	In	rt-pcr	analysis,	onli	a	truncat	transcript	wa	detect	in	the	patient,	wherea	both	normal	and	truncat	transcript	were	detect	in	the	siblings.	the	sequenc	of	the	patient	cdna	fragment	disclos	a	direct	conjuct	of	exon	6	and	exon	8.	conclus	the	mutat	at	splice	donor	site	and	the	truncat	of	mrna	were	ident	with	those	of	a	recent	report	italian	patient,	although	differ	in	symptomatology.	the	applic	of	blood	leucocyt	can	be	a	simpl	techniqu	on	analys	a	construct	abnorm	of	cyp27	mrna.
8187068	frequent	detect	of	codon	877	mutat	in	the	androgen	receptor	gene	in	advanc	prostat	cancers.	prostat	tissu	specimen	deriv	from	transurethr	resect	of	patient	with	metastat	prostat	cancer	were	analyz	for	genet	alter	in	the	hormone-bind	domain	of	the	androgen	receptor	(ar)	gene.	direct	sequenc	of	the	polymeras	chain	reaction-deriv	dna	of	6	of	24	specimen	reveal	a	codon	877	mutat	(act--	>	gct,	thr--	>	ala)	in	the	hormone-bind	domain	of	the	AR	gene.	thi	same	AR	mutat	ha	been	report	previous	in	a	metastat	prostat	cancer	cell	line,	lncap,	where	thi	mutat	confer	upon	the	AR	an	alter	ligand-bind	specif	which	is	stimul	by	estrogens,	progestagens,	and	antiandrogens.	It	is	possibl	that	analog	to	an	activated/alt	growth	factor	receptor	oncogene,	codon	877	mutant	AR	with	alter	ligand	bind	may	provid	a	select	growth	advantag	in	the	genesi	of	a	subset	of	advanc	prostat	cancer.	although	estrogen	are	use	infrequently,	antiandrogen	are	use	increasingli	in	hormon	therapi	for	patient	with	advanc	prostat	cancer.	the	stimulatori	effect	of	these	therapeut	agent	on	the	codon	877	mutant	AR	further	suggest	that	thi	frequent	observ	AR	mutat	may	contribut	to	the	treatment	refractori	disease.
10802669	atm-depend	phosphoryl	of	nibrin	in	respons	to	radiat	exposure.	mutat	in	the	gene	atm	are	respons	for	the	genet	disord	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t),	which	is	character	by	cerebellar	dysfunction,	radiosensitivity,	chromosom	instabl	and	cancer	predisposition.	both	the	a-t	phenotyp	and	the	similar	of	the	atm	protein	to	other	dna-damag	sensor	suggest	a	role	for	atm	in	biochem	pathway	involv	in	the	recognition,	signal	and	repair	of	dna	double-strand	break	(dsbs).	there	are	strong	parallel	between	the	pattern	of	radiosensitivity,	chromosom	instabl	and	cancer	predisposit	in	a-t	patient	and	that	in	patient	with	nijmegen	breakag	syndrom	(nbs).	the	protein	defect	in	nbs,	nibrin	(encod	by	nbs1),	form	a	complex	with	mre11	and	rad50	(ref	1,	2).	thi	complex	local	to	dsb	within	30	minut	after	cellular	exposur	to	ioniz	radiat	(ir)	and	is	observ	in	brightli	stain	nuclear	foci	after	a	longer	period	of	time.	the	overlap	between	clinic	and	cellular	phenotyp	in	a-t	and	nb	suggest	that	atm	and	nibrin	may	function	in	the	same	biochem	pathway.	here	we	demonstr	that	nibrin	is	phosphoryl	within	one	hour	of	treatment	of	cell	with	ir.	thi	respons	is	abrog	in	a-t	cell	that	either	do	not	express	atm	protein	or	express	near	full-length	mutant	protein.	We	also	show	that	atm	physic	interact	with	and	phosphoryl	nibrin	on	serin	343	both	in	vivo	and	in	vitro.	phosphoryl	of	thi	site	appear	to	be	function	import	becaus	mutat	nibrin	(s343a)	doe	not	complet	complement	radiosensit	in	nb	cells.	atm	phosphoryl	of	nibrin	doe	not	affect	nibrin-mre11-rad50	associ	as	reveal	by	radiation-induc	foci	formation.	our	data	provid	a	biochem	explan	for	the	similar	in	phenotyp	between	a-t	and	nbs.
1346924	detect	of	an	unstabl	fragment	of	dna	specif	to	individu	with	myoton	dystrophy.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	the	most	common	form	of	adult	muscular	dystrophy,	with	a	preval	of	2-14	per	100,	000	individuals.	the	diseas	is	character	by	progress	muscl	weak	and	sustain	muscl	contraction,	often	with	a	wide	rang	of	accompani	symptoms.	the	age	at	onset	and	sever	of	the	diseas	show	extrem	variation,	both	within	and	between	families.	despit	it	clinic	variability,	thi	domin	condit	segreg	as	a	singl	locu	at	chromosom	19q13.	3	in	everi	popul	studied.	It	is	flank	by	the	tightli	link	genet	marker	ercc1	proxim	and	d19s51	distally;	these	defin	the	DM	critic	region.	We	report	the	isol	of	an	express	sequenc	from	thi	region	which	detect	a	dna	fragment	that	is	larger	in	affect	individu	than	in	normal	sibl	or	unaffect	controls.	the	size	of	thi	fragment	vari	between	affect	siblings,	and	increas	in	size	through	gener	in	parallel	with	increas	sever	of	the	disease.	We	postul	that	thi	unstabl	dna	sequenc	is	the	molecular	featur	that	underli	DM
10987655	detect	of	a	novel	missens	mutat	and	second	recurr	mutat	in	the	cacna1a	gene	in	individu	with	ea-2	and	fhm.	mutat	in	the	brain	specif	p/q	type	ca2	+	channel	alpha1	subunit	gene,	cacna1a,	have	been	identifi	in	three	clinic	distinct	disorders,	viz.	episod	ataxia	type	2	(ea-2),	famili	hemipleg	migrain	(fhm)	and	spinocerebellar	ataxia	6	(sca6).	for	individu	with	ea-2,	the	mutat	describ	thu	far	are	presum	to	result	in	a	truncat	protein	product.	sever	differ	missens	mutat	have	been	identifi	in	patient	with	fhm.	At	least	two	of	these	mutat	have	been	identifi	on	two	differ	chromosom	19p13	haplotyp	and	thu	repres	recurr	mutations.	In	the	present	study,	we	have	screen	sever	individu	for	mutat	in	all	47	exon	in	the	cacna1a	gene	by	single-strand	conform	analysis.	We	have	characteris	a	novel	missens	mutation,	g5260a,	in	exon	32	in	a	famili	segreg	for	ea-2.	the	consequ	of	thi	mutat	is	an	amino	acid	substitut	at	a	highli	conserv	posit	within	the	cacna1a	gene.	thi	repres	the	first	point	mutat	not	result	in	a	propos	truncat	protein.	furthermore,	thi	mutat	ha	been	detect	in	a	famili	member	with	mild	clinic	sign	includ	onli	migraine.	additionally,	a	second	previous	identifi	recurr	muta	tion,	c2272t,	in	exon	16	ha	been	discov	in	a	patient	with	fhm.
10213492	domin	neg	effect	of	the	apc1309	mutation:	a	possibl	explan	for	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	famili	adenomat	polyposis.	inactiv	of	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	product	initi	colorect	tumorigenesis.	patient	with	famili	apc	(fap)	carri	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	apc	gene	and	develop	multipl	colorect	adenoma	and	subsequ	carcinoma	earli	in	life.	the	sever	of	the	diseas	correl	with	the	posit	of	the	inherit	apc	mutat	(genotype-phenotyp	correlation).	togeth	with	the	fact	that	both	germ-lin	and	sporad	apc	mutat	cluster	in	the	central	region	of	the	apc	gene,	thi	point	to	a	domin	neg	effect	of	certain	apc	mutants.	loss	of	apc	function	wa	recent	shown	to	result	in	enhanc	beta-catenin-/tcf-medi	transcript	in	colon	epitheli	cells.	here,	we	provid	experiment	evid	for	a	domin	neg	effect	of	apc	gene	product	associ	with	sever	polyposis.	wild-typ	apc	activ	in	beta-catenin-/tcf-medi	transcript	wa	strongli	inhibit	by	a	mutant	apc	that	is	truncat	at	codon	1309.	In	contrast,	mutant	apc	gene	product	that	are	associ	with	attenu	polyposi	(codon	386	or	1465)	interf	onli	weakli	with	wild-typ	apc	activity.	these	result	suggest	a	molecular	explan	for	the	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	fap	patient	and	support	the	idea	that	colorect	tumor	growth	might	be,	in	part,	driven	by	select	for	a	mutat	in	the	mutat	cluster	region.
1717985	mutat	of	the	kit	(mast/stem	cell	growth	factor	receptor)	protooncogen	in	human	piebaldism.	piebald	is	an	autosom	domin	genet	disord	character	by	cogenit	patch	of	skin	and	hair	from	which	melanocyt	are	complet	absent.	A	similar	disord	of	mouse,	domin	white	spot	(w),	result	from	mutat	of	the	c-kit	protooncogene,	which	encod	and	receptor	for	mast/stem	cell	growth	factor.	We	identifi	a	kit	gene	mutat	in	a	proband	with	classic	autosom	domin	piebaldism.	thi	mutat	result	in	a	gly----arg	substitut	at	codon	664,	within	the	tyrosin	kinas	domain.	thi	substitut	wa	not	seen	in	ani	normal	individu	and	wa	complet	link	to	the	piebald	phenotyp	in	the	proband	family.	piebald	in	thi	famili	thu	appear	to	be	the	human	homologu	to	domin	white	spot	(w)	of	the	mouse.
8104633	An	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	missens	mutat	(t274m)	caus	late-infantil	metachromat	leukodystrophy.	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld)	is	an	autosom	recess	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	a	defici	of	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa;	EC	3.	1.	6.	8).	the	8	arsa	exon	and	adjac	intron	boundari	from	a	patient	with	late-infantil	metachromat	leukodystrophi	were	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	amplifi	in	seven	discret	reactions.	amplifi	arsa	exon	were	analys	for	the	presenc	of	sequenc	alter	by	single-strand	conform	polymorph	analysis,	follow	by	direct	sequenc	of	pcr	products.	the	patient	wa	found	to	be	homozyg	for	a	c--	>	T	transit	in	exon	IV	that	result	in	the	substitut	of	a	highli	conserv	threonin	residu	at	amino	acid	274	with	a	methionin	(t274m).	analysi	of	a	further	29	mld	patient	reveal	the	presenc	of	five	addit	homozygot	for	t274m.	all	6	t274m	homozygot	(repres	four	families)	were	of	lebanes	descent,	and	all	were	known	to	be	the	result	of	consanguin	marriages.	the	alter	amino	acid	is	rigidli	conserv	among	10	sulfatas	from	escherichia	coli	to	humans;	therefore,	it	is	most	like	that	the	result	mutant	protein	will	have	littl	or	no	enzym	activity.	thi	is	consist	with	the	veri	low	arsa	activ	measur	in	these	patient	and	their	uniformli	sever	clinic	presentatio
7717396	mutat	in	the	gene	for	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	in	patient	with	differ	clinic	phenotypes.	recently,	the	gene	for	the	most	common	peroxisom	disorder,	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(x-ald),	ha	been	describ	encod	a	peroxisom	membran	transport	protein.	We	analyz	the	entir	protein-cod	sequenc	of	thi	gene	by	reverse-transcript	pcr,	sscp,	and	dna	sequenc	in	five	patient	with	differ	clinic	express	of	x-ald	and	in	their	femal	relatives;	these	clinic	express	were	cerebr	childhood	ald,	adrenomyeloneuropathi	(amn),	and	"	addison	diseas	onli	"	(ado)	phenotype.	In	the	three	patient	exhibit	the	classic	pictur	of	sever	childhood	ald	we	identifi	in	the	5	portion	of	the	x-ald	gene	a	38-bp	delet	that	caus	a	frameshift	mutation,	a	3-bp	delet	lead	to	a	delet	of	an	amino	acid	in	the	atp-bind	domain	of	the	ald	protein,	and	a	missens	mutation.	In	the	patient	with	the	clinic	phenotyp	of	amn,	a	nonsens	mutat	in	codon	212,	along	with	a	second	site	mutat	at	codon	178,	wa	observed.	analysi	of	the	patient	with	the	ado	phenotyp	reveal	a	further	missens	mutat	at	a	highli	conserv	posit	in	the	aldp/pmp70	comparison.	the	disrupt	natur	of	two	mutat	(i.	e.,	the	frameshift	and	the	nonsens	mutation)	in	patient	with	biochem	prove	childhood	ald	and	amn	further	strongli	support	the	hypothesi	that	alter	in	thi	gene	play	a	crucial	role	in	the	pathogenesi	of	x-ald.	sinc	the	current	biochem	techniqu	for	x-ald	carrier	detect	in	affect	famili	lack	suffici	reliability,	our	procedur	describ	for	systemat	mutat	scan	is	also	capabl	of	improv	genet	counsel	and	prenat	diagnosi
8571951	atelosteogenesi	type	II	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	diastroph	dysplasia	sulfate-transport	gene	(dtdst):	evid	for	a	phenotyp	seri	involv	three	chondrodysplasias.	atelosteogenesi	type	II	(ao	ii)	is	a	neonat	lethal	chondrodysplasia	whose	clinic	and	histolog	characterist	resembl	those	of	anoth	chondrodysplasia,	the	much	less	sever	diastroph	dysplasia	(dtd).	the	similar	suggest	a	share	pathogenesi	involv	lesion	in	the	same	biochem	pathway	and	perhap	the	same	gene.	dtd	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	recent	identifi	diastroph	dysplasia	sulfate-transport	gene	(dtdst).	here,	we	report	that	aoii	patient	also	have	dtdst	mutations,	which	lead	to	defect	uptak	of	inorgan	sulfat	and	insuffici	sulfat	of	macromolecul	by	patient	mesenchym	cell	in	vitro.	togeth	with	our	recent	observ	that	a	third	even	more	sever	chondrodysplasia,	achondrogenesi	type	ib,	is	also	caus	by	mutat	in	dtdst,	these	result	demonstr	a	phenotyp	seri	of	three	chondrodysplasia	of	increas	sever	caus	by	lesion	in	a	singl	sulfate-transport	gene.	the	sever	of	the	phenotyp	appear	to	be	correl	with	the	predict	effect	of	the	mutat	on	the	residu	activ	of	the	dtdst	protein.
10732816	emerin,	defici	of	which	caus	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophy,	is	local	at	the	inner	nuclear	membrane.	x-link	recess	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(edmd)	is	an	inherit	muscl	disord	character	by	the	clinic	triad	of	progress	wast	of	humero-peron	muscles,	earli	contractur	of	the	elbows,	achil	tendon	and	postcerv	muscles,	and	cardiac	conduct	block	with	a	high	risk	of	sudden	death.	the	gene	for	edmd	on	xq28	encod	a	novel	protein	name	emerin	that	local	at	the	nuclear	membran	of	skeletal,	cardiac	and	smooth	muscl	and	some	other	non-muscl	tissues.	To	investig	a	possibl	physiolog	role	for	emerin,	we	examin	the	ultrastructur	local	of	the	protein	in	human	skelet	muscl	and	hela	cells,	use	ultrathin	cryosections.	We	found	that	the	immune-label	colloid	gold	particl	were	local	on	the	nucleoplasm	surfac	of	the	inner	nuclear	membrane,	but	not	on	the	nuclear	pore.	emerin	stay	on	the	cytoplasm	surfac	of	the	nuclear	lamina,	even	after	deterg	treatment	that	solubil	membran	lipid	and	wash	out	membran	proteins.	these	result	suggest	that	emerin	anchor	at	the	inner	nuclear	membran	through	the	hydrophob	stretch,	and	protrud	from	the	hydrophil	region	to	the	nucleoplasm	where	it	interact	with	the	nuclear	lamina.	We	specul	that	emerin	contribut	to	maintain	the	nuclear	structur	and	stability,	as	well	as	nuclear	functions,	particularli	in	muscl	tissu	that	have	sever	stress	with	rigor	contraction-relax	movement	and	calcium	flux.
10447258	identif	of	a	common	pex1	mutat	in	zellweg	syndrome.	the	zellweg	spectrum	of	disease,	encompass	zellweg	syndrom	and	the	progress	milder	phenotyp	of	neonat	adrenoleukodystrophi	and	infantil	refsum	disease,	is	due	to	a	failur	to	form	function	peroxisomes.	cell	fusion	complement	studi	demonstr	that	these	diseas	are	genet	heterogeneous,	with	two-third	of	all	patient	lie	within	a	singl	complement	group,	cg1.	molecular	genet	and	cell	biolog	studi	have	shown	that	pex1	is	defici	in	mani	cg1	patients.	however,	previou	studi	have	focus	on	mildli	affect	patient	and	there	is	still	no	report	of	two	mutant	pex1	allel	in	ani	zellweg	syndrom	patient.	furthermore,	mutat	in	the	pmp70	gene	have	also	been	identifi	in	two	zellweg	syndrom	patient	from	cg1,	rais	the	possibl	that	cg1	patient	may	repres	a	mixtur	of	pex1-defici	and	pmp70-defici	individuals.	To	address	the	molecular	basi	of	diseas	in	zellweg	syndrom	patient	from	cg1,	we	examin	all	24	pex1	exon	in	four	patients,	includ	both	patient	that	have	mutat	in	pmp70.	pex1	mutat	were	detect	in	all	four	patients,	includ	a	1-bp	insert	(c.	2097inst)	in	exon	13	that	wa	present	in	three	of	the	four	patients.	subsequ	studi	demonstr	that	thi	mutat	is	present	in	one-half	of	all	cg1	patient	and	correl	with	the	zellweg	syndrom	phenotype.	As	thi	mutat	lead	to	a	loss	of	protein	function	it	frequenc	make	it	the	most	common	caus	of	zellweg	syndrome,	help	to	explain	the	high	percentag	of	patient	that	belong	to	cg1
10861282	polymorph	of	the	cyp2d6	gene	increas	suscept	to	ankylos	spondylitis.	ankylos	spondyl	(as)	is	a	common	and	highli	famili	rheumat	disorder.	the	sibl	recurr	risk	ratio	for	the	diseas	is	63	and	herit	assess	in	twin	>	90%.	although	mhc	genes,	includ	hla-b27,	contribut	onli	20-50%	of	the	genet	risk	for	the	disease,	no	non-mhc	gene	ha	yet	been	convincingli	demonstr	to	influenc	either	suscept	to	the	diseas	or	it	phenotyp	expression.	previou	linkag	and	associ	studi	have	suggest	the	presenc	of	a	suscept	gene	for	AS	close	to,	or	within,	the	cytochrom	p450	2d6	gene	(cyp2d6,	debrisoquin	hydroxylase)	locat	at	chromosom	22q13.1.	We	perform	a	linkag	studi	of	chromosom	22	in	200	famili	with	AS	affect	sibling-pairs.	associ	of	allel	of	the	cyp2d6	gene	wa	examin	by	both	case-control	and	within-famili	means.	for	case-control	studies,	617	unrel	individu	with	AS	(361	proband	from	sibling-pair	and	parent-cas	trio	famili	and	256	unrel	non-famili	sporad	cases)	and	402	healthi	ethnic	match	control	were	employed.	for	within-famili	associ	studies,	361	famili	includ	161	parent-cas	trio	and	200	affect	sibling-pair	famili	were	employed.	homozygos	for	poor	metabol	allel	wa	found	to	be	associ	with	as.	heterozygos	for	the	most	frequent	poor	metabol	allel	(cyp2d6*4)	wa	not	associ	with	increas	suscept	to	as.	signific	within-famili	associ	of	cyp2d6*4	allel	and	AS	wa	demonstrated.	weak	linkag	wa	also	demonstr	between	cyp2d6	and	as.	We	postul	that	alter	metabol	of	a	natur	toxin	or	antigen	by	the	cyp2d6	gene	may	increas	suscept	to	AS
10746568	molecular	analysi	of	the	genotype-phenotyp	relationship	in	factor	X	deficiency.	factor	X	defici	is	a	rare	haemorrhag	condition,	normal	inherit	as	an	autosom	recess	trait,	in	which	a	variabl	clinic	present	correl	poorli	with	laboratori	phenotype.	the	factor	X	(f10)	gene	of	14	unrel	individu	with	factor	X	defici	(12	famili	and	two	sporad	cases)	were	sequenc	yield	a	total	of	13	novel	mutations.	famili	studi	were	perform	in	order	to	distinguish	the	contribut	of	individu	mutant	f10	allel	to	the	clinic	and	laboratori	phenotypes.	missens	mutat	were	studi	by	mean	of	molecular	modelling,	wherea	singl	basepair	substitut	in	splice	site	and	the	5	flank	region	were	examin	by	in	vitro	splice	assay	and	luciferas	report	gene	assay	respectively.	the	delet	allel	of	a	novel	hexanucleotid	insertion/delet	polymorph	in	the	f10	gene	promot	region	wa	shown	by	report	gene	assay,	to	reduc	promot	activ	by	approxim	20%.	one	famili	manifest	an	autosom	domin	pattern	of	inherit	possess	three	clinic	affect	member	who	were	heterozyg	for	a	splice-sit	mutat	that	wa	predict	to	lead	to	the	product	of	a	truncat	protein	product.	A	model	which	account	for	the	domin	neg	effect	of	thi	lesion	is	presented.	variat	in	the	antigen	level	of	heterozyg	rel	of	proband	wa	found	to	be	significantli	higher	between	famili	than	within	families,	consist	with	the	view	that	the	natur	of	the	f10	lesion	(s)	segreg	in	a	given	famili	is	a	prime	determin	of	the	laboratori	phenotype.	By	contrast,	no	such	relationship	could	be	discern	between	laboratori	phenotyp	and	polymorph	genotype.
10888879	restor	of	photoreceptor	ultrastructur	and	function	in	retin	degener	slow	mice	by	gene	therapy.	the	gene	prph2	encod	a	photoreceptor-specif	membran	glycoprotein,	peripherin-2	(also	known	as	peripherin/rds),	which	is	insert	into	the	rim	of	photoreceptor	outer	segment	disc	in	a	complex	with	rom-1	(ref.	2).	the	complex	is	necessari	for	the	stabil	of	the	discs,	which	are	renew	constantli	throughout	life,	and	which	contain	the	visual	pigment	necessari	for	photon	capture.	mutat	in	prph2	have	been	shown	to	result	in	a	varieti	of	photoreceptor	dystrophies,	includ	autosom	domin	retin	pigmentosa	and	macular	dystrophy.	A	common	featur	of	these	diseas	is	the	loss	of	photoreceptor	function,	also	seen	in	the	retin	degener	slow	(rd	or	prph2	rd2/rd2)	mouse,	which	is	homozyg	for	a	null	mutat	in	prph2.	It	is	character	by	a	complet	failur	to	develop	photoreceptor	disc	and	outer	segments,	downregul	of	rhodopsin	and	apoptot	loss	of	photoreceptor	cells.	the	electroretinogram	(ergs)	of	prph2rd2/rd2	mice	have	greatli	diminish	a-wav	and	b-wave	amplitudes,	which	declin	to	virtual	undetect	concentr	by	two	months.	subretin	inject	of	recombin	adeno-associ	viru	(aav)	encod	a	prph2	transgen	result	in	stabl	gener	of	outer	segment	structur	and	format	of	new	stack	of	disc	contain	both	perpherin-2	and	rhodopsin,	which	in	mani	case	are	morpholog	similar	to	normal	outer	segments.	moreover,	the	re-establish	of	the	structur	integr	of	the	photoreceptor	layer	also	result	in	electrophysiolog	correction.	these	studi	demonstr	for	the	first	time	that	a	complex	ultrastructur	cell	defect	can	be	correct	both	morpholog	and	function	by	in	vivo	gene	transfer.
2563633	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	haplotyp	in	polynesians:	evolutionari	origin	and	absenc	of	allel	associ	with	sever	phenylketonuria.	A	total	of	630	haplotyp	for	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	gene	locu	were	establish	in	five	group	of	polynesian	compris	samoans,	tongans,	cook	islanders,	maori,	and	niueans.	consider	genet	continu	wa	demonstr	between	these	wide	dispers	populations,	sinc	three	common	haplotyp	(4,	1,	and	7)	constitut	over	95%	of	alleles.	A	control	group	of	individu	from	southeast	asia	share	the	same	major	haplotypes,	4,	1,	and	7,	with	polynesians.	these	data	provid	further	support	for	the	theori	of	genet	homogen	and	of	asian	affin	of	the	polynesian	precursor	populations.	the	absenc	of	sever	phenylketonuria	(pku)	in	both	polynesian	and	southeast	asian	is	consist	with	the	lack	of	pah	haplotyp	2	and	3,	on	which	the	sever	pku	mutant	have	arisen	among	caucasians.
10557309	cdna	microarray	detect	activ	of	a	myogen	transcript	program	by	the	pax3-fkhr	fusion	oncogene.	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma	is	an	aggress	pediatr	cancer	of	striat	muscl	character	in	60%	of	case	by	a	t	(2;	13)	(q35;	q14).	thi	result	in	the	fusion	of	pax3,	a	development	transcript	factor	requir	for	limb	myogenesis,	with	fkhr,	a	member	of	the	forkhead	famili	of	transcript	factors.	the	result	pax3-fkhr	gene	possess	transform	properties;	however,	the	effect	of	thi	chimer	oncogen	on	gene	express	are	larg	unknown.	To	investig	the	action	of	these	transcript	factors,	both	pax3	and	pax3-fkhr	were	introduc	into	nih	3t3	cells,	and	the	result	gene	express	chang	were	analyz	with	a	murin	cdna	microarray	contain	2,	225	elements.	We	found	that	pax3-fkhr	but	not	pax3	activ	a	myogen	transcript	program	includ	the	induct	of	transcript	factor	myod,	myogenin,	six1,	and	slug	as	well	as	a	batteri	of	gene	involv	in	sever	aspect	of	muscl	function.	notabl	among	thi	group	were	the	growth	factor	gene	igf2	and	it	bind	protein	igfbp5.	relev	of	thi	model	wa	suggest	by	verif	that	three	of	these	gene	(igfbp5,	hsix1,	and	slug)	were	also	express	in	alveolar	rhabdomyosarcoma	cell	lines.	thi	studi	util	cdna	microarray	to	elucid	the	pattern	of	gene	express	induc	by	an	oncogen	transcript	factor	and	demonstr	the	profound	myogen	properti	of	pax3-fkhr	in	nih	3t3	cells.
3032521	re-evalu	of	the	subloc	of	esteras	D	and	it	relat	to	the	retinoblastoma	locu	by	in	situ	hybridization.	In	situ	hybrid	of	a	cdna	probe	for	the	esteras	D	gene	(esd)	wa	carri	out	on	human	chromosomes.	the	probe	hybrid	most	strongli	to	13q14.	2	and	13q14.	3.	thi	observ	rais	doubt	concern	the	most	recent	publish	assign	of	esd	to	13q14.	1.	A	delet	in	an	individu	with	retinoblastoma	wa	report	to	separ	the	close	link	esd	and	retinoblastoma	(rb1)	loci,	place	esd	proxim	to	rb1.	quantit	in	situ	hybrid	studi	of	thi	delet	do	not	confirm	thi	interpretation.	rather,	they	suggest	that	esd	is	miss	from	the	delet	chromosom	13	and	duplic	on	the	normal	homolog.	from	these	findings,	we	conclud	that	the	delet	in	thi	individu	cannot	be	use	to	determin	the	orient	nor	the	subloc	of	esd	and	rb1	within	the	13q14	region
10612394	the	dna	double-strand	break	repair	gene	hmre11	is	mutat	in	individu	with	an	ataxia-telangiectasia-lik	disorder.	We	show	that	hypomorph	mutat	in	hmre11,	but	not	in	atm,	are	present	in	certain	individu	with	an	ataxia-telangiectasia-lik	disord	(atld).	the	cellular	featur	result	from	these	hmre11	mutat	are	similar	to	those	seen	in	a-t	as	well	as	nb	and	includ	hypersensit	to	ioniz	radiation,	radioresist	dna	synthesis,	and	abrog	of	atm-depend	events,	such	as	the	activ	of	jun	kinas	follow	exposur	to	gamma	irradiation.	although	the	mutant	hmre11	protein	retain	some	abil	to	interact	with	hrad50	and	nbs1,	format	of	ioniz	radiation-induc	hmre11	and	nbs1	foci	wa	absent	in	hmre11	mutant	cells.	these	data	demonstr	that	atm	and	the	hmre11/hrad50/nbs1	protein	complex	act	in	the	same	dna	damag	respons	pathway	and	link	hmre11	to	the	complex	patholog	of	a-t.
2450401	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	gene	express	in	normal	and	diseas	human	muscle.	A	probe	for	the	5	end	of	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene	wa	use	to	studi	express	of	the	gene	in	normal	human	muscle,	myogen	cell	cultures,	and	muscl	from	patient	with	dmd.	express	wa	found	in	rna	from	normal	fetal	muscle,	adult	cardiac	and	skelet	muscle,	and	cultur	muscl	after	myoblast	fusion.	In	dmd	muscle,	express	of	thi	portion	of	the	gene	wa	also	reveal	by	in	situ	rna	hybridization,	particularli	in	regener	muscl	fibers.
6086495	localis	of	the	becker	muscular	dystrophi	gene	on	the	short	arm	of	the	X	chromosom	by	linkag	to	clone	dna	sequences.	A	linkag	studi	in	30	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(bmd)	kindr	use	three	clone	dna	sequenc	from	the	X	chromosom	which	demonstr	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	(rflps),	suggest	that	the	bmd	gene	is	locat	on	the	short	arm	of	the	X	chromosome,	in	the	p21	region.	the	gene	for	becker	and	duchenn	dystrophi	must	therefor	be	close	linked,	if	not	allelic,	and	ani	futur	dna	probe	found	to	be	of	practic	use	in	one	disord	should	be	equal	applic	to	the	other.	the	linkag	analysi	also	provid	data	on	the	frequenc	of	recombin	along	the	short	arm	of	the	X	chromosome,	and	across	the	centromer	region.
10830915	age	of	the	intron	gaa	triplet	repeat	expans	mutat	in	friedreich	ataxia.	friedreich	ataxia	(frda),	the	most	frequent	inherit	ataxia,	is	due	in	the	vast	major	of	case	to	a	larg	expans	of	an	intron	gaa	repeat.	use	linkag	disequilibrium	analysi	base	on	haplotyp	data	of	seven	polymorph	marker	close	to	the	frataxin	gene,	the	age	of	frda	found	mutat	event	(s)	is	estim	to	be	at	least	682	+/-203	gener	(95%	confid	interv	564-801	g),	a	date	which	is	consist	with	littl	or	no	neg	select	and	provid	further	evid	for	an	ancient	spread	of	a	pre-mut	(at-risk	alleles)	in	western	europe.
10556298	the	human	magel2	gene	and	it	mous	homologu	are	patern	express	and	map	to	the	prader-willi	region.	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	is	a	complex	neurogenet	disorder.	the	phenotyp	is	like	to	be	a	contigu	gene	syndrom	involv	gene	which	are	patern	express	only,	locat	in	the	human	15q11-q13	region.	four	mous	model	of	pw	have	been	report	but	these	do	not	definit	allow	the	delin	of	the	critic	region	and	the	associ	gene	involv	in	the	aetiolog	of	pws.	moreover,	target	mutagenesi	of	mous	homologu	of	the	human	candid	pw	gene	doe	not	appear	to	result	in	ani	of	the	featur	of	pws.	therefore,	the	isol	of	new	gene	in	thi	region	remain	crucial	for	a	better	understand	of	the	molecular	basi	of	pws.	In	thi	manuscript,	we	report	the	character	of	magel2	and	it	mous	homologu	magel2.	these	are	locat	in	the	human	15q11-q13	and	mous	7C	regions,	in	close	proxim	to	ndn/ndn.	By	northern	blot	analysi	we	did	not	detect	ani	express	of	magel2/magel2	but	by	rt-pcr	analysis,	specif	express	wa	detect	in	fetal	and	adult	brain	and	in	placenta.	both	gene	are	intronless	with	tandem	direct	repeat	sequenc	contain	within	a	cpg	island	in	the	5-untranscrib	region.	the	transcript	encod	put	protein	that	are	homolog	to	the	mage	protein	and	ndn.	moreover,	magel2/magel2	are	express	onli	from	the	patern	allel	in	brain,	suggest	a	potenti	role	in	the	aetiolog	of	pw	and	it	mous	model,	respectively.
1361100	multipl	origin	for	phenylketonuria	in	europe.	phenylketonuria	(pku),	a	disord	of	amino	acid	metabol	preval	among	caucasian	and	other	ethnic	groups,	is	caus	primarili	by	a	defici	of	the	hepat	enzym	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	pku	is	a	highli	heterogen	disorder,	with	more	than	60	molecular	lesion	identifi	in	the	pah	gene.	the	haplotyp	associations,	rel	frequencies,	and	distribut	of	five	preval	pah	mutat	(r158q,	r261q,	ivs10nt546,	r408w,	and	ivs12n1)	were	establish	in	a	comprehens	european	sampl	popul	and	subsequ	were	examin	to	determin	the	potenti	role	of	sever	genet	mechan	in	explain	the	present	distribut	of	the	major	pku	alleles.	each	of	these	five	mutat	wa	strongli	associ	with	onli	one	of	the	more	than	70	chromosom	haplotyp	defin	by	eight	rflp	in	or	near	the	pah	gene.	these	find	suggest	that	each	of	these	mutat	aros	through	a	singl	found	event	that	occur	within	time	period	rang	from	sever	hundr	to	sever	thousand	year	ago.	from	the	signific	differ	observ	in	the	rel	frequenc	and	distribut	of	these	five	allel	throughout	europe,	four	of	these	put	found	event	could	be	local	to	specif	ethnic	subgroups.	together,	these	data	suggest	that	there	were	multiple,	geograph	and	ethnic	distinct	origin	for	pku	within	the	european	population.
10724160	autoinhibit	and	activ	mechan	of	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein.	the	rho-famili	gtpase,	cdc42,	can	regul	the	actin	cytoskeleton	through	activ	of	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein	(wasp)	famili	members.	activ	reliev	an	autoinhibitori	contact	between	the	gtpase-bind	domain	and	the	carboxy-termin	region	of	wasp	proteins.	here	we	report	the	autoinhibit	structur	of	the	gtpase-bind	domain	of	wasp,	which	can	be	induc	by	the	c-termin	region	or	by	organ	co-solvents.	In	the	autoinhibit	complex,	intramolecular	interact	with	the	gtpase-bind	domain	occlud	residu	of	the	C	terminu	that	regul	the	arp2/3	actin-nucl	complex.	bind	of	cdc42	to	the	gtpase-bind	domain	caus	a	dramat	conform	change,	result	in	disrupt	of	the	hydrophob	core	and	releas	of	the	C	terminus,	enabl	it	interact	with	the	actin	regulatori	machinery.	these	data	show	that	intrins	unstructur	peptid	such	as	the	gtpase-bind	domain	of	wasp	can	be	induc	into	distinct	structur	and	function	state	depend	on	context.
1733838	localis	of	the	gene	for	norri	diseas	to	between	dxs7	and	dxs426	on	xp.	A	highli	inform	microsatellit	marker,	dxs426,	which	map	proxim	to	dxs7	in	the	interv	xp11.	4-xp11	4-xp11.	23,	ha	been	use	to	refin	further	the	localis	of	the	gene	for	norri	diseas	(ndp).	the	result	from	a	multipli	inform	crossov	local	the	ndp	gene	proxim	to	dxs7.	In	conjunct	with	inform	from	2	ndp	patient	who	have	a	delet	for	dxs7	but	not	for	dsx426,	our	data	indic	that	the	ndp	gene	lie	between	dxs7	and	dxs426	on	proxim	Xp
7479827	molecular	basi	of	human	mitochondri	very-long-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	defici	caus	cardiomyopathi	and	sudden	death	in	childhood.	beta-oxid	of	long-chain	fatti	acid	provid	the	major	sourc	of	energi	in	the	heart.	defect	in	enzym	of	the	beta-oxid	pathway	caus	sudden,	unexplain	death	in	childhood,	acut	hepat	encephalopathi	or	liver	failure,	skelet	myopathy,	and	cardiomyopathy.	very-long-chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	[vlcad;	very-long-chain-acyl-coa	(acceptor)	2,	3-oxidoreductase,	EC	1.	3	3.	99	99.	13]	catalyz	the	first	step	in	beta-oxidation.	We	have	isol	the	human	vlcad	cdna	and	gene	and	determin	the	complet	nucleotid	sequences.	polymeras	chain	reaction	amplif	of	vlcad	mrna	and	genom	exon	defin	the	molecular	defect	in	two	patient	with	vlcad	defici	who	present	with	unexplain	cardiac	arrest	and	cardiomyopathy.	In	one,	a	homozyg	mutat	in	the	consensu	dinucleotid	of	the	donor	splice	site	(g	+	1--	>	a)	wa	associ	with	univers	skip	of	the	prior	exon	(exon	11).	the	second	patient	wa	a	compound	heterozygote,	with	a	missens	mutation,	c1837--	>	T,	chang	the	arginin	at	residu	613	to	tryptophan	on	one	allel	and	a	singl	base	delet	at	the	intron-exon	6	boundari	as	the	second	mutation.	thi	initi	delin	of	human	mutat	in	vlcad	suggest	that	vlcad	defici	reduc	myocardi	fatti	acid	beta-oxid	and	energi	product	and	is	associ	with	cardiomyopathi	and	sudden	death	in	childhood
1577476	An	error	in	dystrophin	mrna	process	in	golden	retriev	muscular	dystrophy,	an	anim	homologu	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy.	golden	retriev	muscular	dystrophi	(grmd)	is	a	spontaneous,	x-linked,	progress	fatal	diseas	of	dog	and	is	also	a	homologu	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	two-third	of	dmd	patient	carri	detect	delet	in	their	dystrophin	gene.	the	defect	underli	the	remain	one-third	of	dmd	patient	is	undetermined.	analysi	of	the	canin	dystrophin	gene	in	normal	and	grmd	dog	ha	fail	to	demonstr	ani	detect	loss	of	exons.	here,	we	have	demonstr	a	rna	process	error	in	grmd	that	result	from	a	singl	base	chang	in	the	3	consensu	splice	site	of	intron	6.	the	seventh	exon	is	then	skipped,	which	predict	a	termin	of	the	dystrophin	read	frame	within	it	n-termin	domain	in	exon	8.	thi	is	the	first	exampl	of	dystrophin	defici	caus	by	a	splice-sit	mutation.
1981994	serum	amyloid	A	and	P	protein	gene	in	famili	mediterranean	fever.	two	recent	studi	have	suggest	the	involv	of	serum	amyloid	A	(saa)	and	P	(apcs)	gene	in	famili	mediterranean	fever	(mef).	To	test	the	role	of	saa	and	apc	in	mef	and	mef-amyloidosis,	we	studi	17	inform	famili	(15	armenians,	2	non-ashkenazi	jews)	and	8	mef	patient	with	amyloidosi	use	a	candid	gene	approach.	No	evid	for	ani	mef-associ	polymorph	wa	found	in	ani	of	the	41	armenian	and	jewish	mef	patient	tested.	our	famili	studi	allow	us	to	rule	out	tight	linkag	between	saa	and	mef	(lod	score	=	-2.	16,	theta	less	than	or	equal	to	0.	06).	for	apc	we	found	that	the	allel	frequenc	in	the	mef-amyloidosi	patient	wa	similar	to	that	in	18	unrel	mef	patient	without	amyloidosi	and	their	33	healthi	parent
1201235	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	variant	from	italian	subject	associ	with	sever	neonat	jaundice.	screen	for	the	g6pd	defici	wa	carri	out	at	the	matern	divis	of	the	galliera	hospit	in	genoa,	italy.	two	group	of	subject	with	hyperbilirubinaemia	of	non-immunolog	origin	were	examin	(a)	302	newborn	babi	of	sardinian	extract	(on	cord	blood)	and	(b)	201	newborn	babi	of	south	italian	ancestri	(on	peripher	blood).	among	503	subjects,	43	show	an	enzym	deficiency;	in	39	the	defect	wa	of	the	mediterranean	type.	In	one	case,	previous	described,	the	enzym	wa	of	the	A-	type.	In	the	remain	case	three	differ	variant	were	identified.	In	the	present	work	these	three	cases,	each	with	sever	neonat	jaundice,	are	reported.	their	parent	origin	from	calabria,	from	sardinia	and	from	sicily.	the	abnorm	enzym	are	respect	design	as	gddcbrousse-like,	gdgallura	and	gdagrigento.
1351034	loss	of	normal	allel	of	the	apc	gene	in	an	adrenocort	carcinoma	from	a	patient	with	famili	adenomat	polyposis.	endocrin	neoplasm	have	been	report	occasion	in	patient	with	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap).	An	adrenocorot	carcinoma	wa	studi	in	a	patient	with	a	famili	histori	of	fap.	loss	of	heterozygos	(loh)	in	the	region	close	to	the	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	wa	detect	in	thi	carcinoma,	and	evid	wa	obtain	that	there	wa	a	loss	of	the	normal	allel	of	the	apc	gene.	thi	is	the	first	demonstr	of	loh	at	the	apc	locu	in	adrenocort	tumors.	the	present	result	and	our	previou	data	on	loh	in	a	recur	desmoid	tumor	suggest	that	the	heterozyg	mutant/wild-typ	condit	of	the	apc	gene	may	give	rise	to	benign	tumors,	and	that	function	loss	of	thi	gene	lead	to	develop	of	tumor	not	onli	in	the	colon	but	also	in	other	variou	part	of	the	bodi	in	fap	patients.
7191069	heterozyg	c2-defici	and	myasthenia	gravis.	complement	defici	state	in	myasthenia	gravi	(mg)	have	not	been	report	previously.	We	describ	a	19-year-old	woman	with	typic	MG	and	heterozyg	C2	deficiency,	along	with	hla	type	of	the	patient	and	her	immedi	family.
10472529	larg	heterozyg	delet	masquerad	as	homozyg	missens	mutation:	a	pitfal	in	diagnost	mutat	analysis.	the	clinic	use	of	molecular	analys	in	recess	disord	reli	on	the	exact	character	of	both	mutant	allel	in	the	affect	patient.	thi	can	be	problemat	when	onli	part	of	the	gene	is	examin	or	when	relev	dna	alter	are	not	recogn	by	standard	methods.	We	present	a	child	in	whom	phenylketonuria	wa	appar	caus	by	homozygos	for	the	mutat	e390g	in	exon	11	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah)	gene.	however,	the	clinic	sever	of	the	diseas	wa	not	quit	as	mild	as	expected,	the	mutat	wa	not	identifi	in	the	father	despit	confirm	paternity,	and	the	patern	allel	show	a	highli	unusu	pattern	of	polymorph	marker	in	the	pah	gene.	presenc	of	a	larg	delet	involv	exon	9,	10	and	11	of	the	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	gene	wa	confirm	by	long-rang	pcr.	diagnost	dna	analys	should	includ	a	comprehens	examin	of	the	whole	relev	gene	in	the	patient	and	confirm	of	carrier	statu	in	both	parents.
2912069	two	point	mutat	are	respons	for	g6pd	polymorph	in	sardinia.	the	human	x-link	gene	encod	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	is	highli	polymorphic;	more	than	300	g6pd	variant	have	been	identified.	g6pd	defici	in	differ	geograph	area	appear	to	have	arisen	through	independ	mutat	events,	but	within	the	same	popul	it	may	also	be	heterogeneous.	one	exampl	is	the	island	of	sardinia,	where	care	clinic	and	biochem	studi	have	identifi	four	differ	g6pd	variants.	We	clone	and	sequenc	the	four	g6pd	variant	from	sardinia	and	found	that	onli	two	mutat	are	respons	for	g6pd	defici	in	thi	area	one	mutat	is	the	caus	of	the	g6pd	seattle-lik	phenotype,	a	milder	form	of	g6pd	deficiency;	the	other	mutat	is	respons	for	all	form	of	veri	sever	g6pd	defici	in	sardinia	and,	possibly,	in	the	mediterranean.
6902670	famili	discoid	lupu	erythematosu	associ	with	heterozygot	C2	deficiency.	two	sibl	with	chronic	discoid	lupu	erythematosu	and	sever	famili	member	were	found	with	heterozyg	C2	deficiency.	An	associ	with	histocompat	marker	hla-b18	and	hla-dw2	wa	demonstrated,	and	the	slow	allotyp	of	factor	B	wa	present.	linkag	studi	in	thi	famili	suggest	a	close	linkag	between	the	C2	defici	gene	and	gene	code	for	b18,	dw2,	and	bf	antigens.	one	hla-acb/dbf	recombin	wa	observ	show	closer	linkag	between	hla-d	and	Bf	than	between	hla-b	and	bf.
7545954	A	strong	candid	for	the	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene	brca1.	A	strong	candid	for	the	17q-link	brca1	gene,	which	influenc	suscept	to	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	ha	been	identifi	by	posit	clone	methods.	probabl	predispos	mutat	have	been	detect	in	five	of	eight	kindr	presum	to	segreg	brca1	suscept	alleles.	the	mutat	includ	an	11-base	pair	deletion,	a	1-base	pair	insertion,	a	stop	codon,	a	missens	substitution,	and	an	infer	regulatori	mutation.	the	brca1	gene	is	express	in	numer	tissues,	includ	breast	and	ovary,	and	encod	a	predict	protein	of	1863	amino	acids.	thi	protein	contain	a	zinc	finger	domain	in	it	amino-termin	region,	but	is	otherwis	unrel	to	previous	describ	proteins.	identif	of	brca1	should	facilit	earli	diagnosi	of	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	in	some	individu	as	well	as	a	better	understand	of	breast	cancer	biology.
8198128	recombin	in	individu	homozyg	by	descent	local	the	friedreich	ataxia	locu	in	a	clone	450-kb	interval.	the	locu	for	friedreich	ataxia	(frda),	a	sever	neurodegen	disease,	is	tightli	link	to	marker	d9s5	and	d9s15,	and	analysi	of	rare	recombin	event	ha	suggest	the	order	cen-frda-d9s5-d9s15-qter.	We	report	here	the	construct	of	a	yac	contig	extend	800	kb	centromer	to	d9s5	and	the	isol	of	five	new	microsatellit	marker	from	thi	region.	In	order	to	map	these	marker	with	respect	to	the	frda	locus,	all	within	a	1-cm	confid	interval,	we	sought	to	increas	the	genet	inform	of	avail	frda	famili	by	consid	homozygos	by	descent	and	associ	with	founder	haplotyp	in	isol	populations.	thi	approach	allow	us	to	identifi	one	phase-known	recombin	and	one	probabl	histor	recombin	on	haplotyp	from	reunion	island	patients,	both	of	which	place	three	of	the	five	marker	proxim	to	frda.	thi	repres	the	first	identif	of	close	frda	flank	marker	on	the	centromer	side.	the	two	other	marker	allow	us	to	narrow	the	breakpoint	of	a	previous	identifi	distal	recombin	that	is	>	180	kb	from	d9s5	(26p).	taken	together,	the	result	place	the	frda	locu	in	a	450-kb	interval,	which	is	small	enough	for	direct	search	of	candid	genes.	A	detail	rare	cutter	restrict	map	and	a	cosmid	contig	cover	thi	interv	were	construct	and	should	facilit	the	search	of	gene	in	thi	region.
2220826	further	map	of	an	ataxia-telangiectasia	locu	to	the	chromosom	11q23	region.	We	recent	map	the	gene	for	ataxia-telangiectasia	group	A	(ata)	to	chromosom	11q22-23	by	linkag	analysis,	use	the	genet	marker	thy1	and	pynb3.	12	(d11s144).	the	most	like	order	wa	cent-at-s144-thy1.	the	present	paper	describ	further	map	of	the	AT	locu	by	mean	of	a	panel	of	10	marker	that	span	approxim	60	cM	in	the	11q22-23	region	center	around	s144	and	thy1.	locat	score	indic	that	three	contigu	subseg	within	the	[s144-thy1]	segment,	as	well	as	three	contigu	segment	telomer	to	thy1,	are	each	unlik	to	contain	the	AT	locus,	while	the	more	centromer	[stmy-s144]	segment	is	most	like	to	contain	the	AT	locus.	these	data,	togeth	with	recent	refin	in	the	linkag	and	physic	map	of	11q22-23,	place	the	AT	locu	at	11q23
1311721	proliferation-rel	express	of	p19/nm23	nucleosid	diphosph	kinase.	high	level	express	of	the	nm23-h1	gene,	which	encod	for	a	nucleosid	diphosph	kinase,	ha	been	found	to	correl	with	diminish	metastasi	in	some	tumor	but	not	in	others.	We	have	previous	identifi	the	protein	product	of	the	nm23-h1	gene	in	two-dimension	electrophoret	gel	and	have	design	it	p19/nm23.	In	neuroblastoma,	higher	level	of	p19/nm23,	which	are	associ	with	amplif	of	the	n-myc	oncogene,	larg	tumor	mass,	and	metastasis,	were	observ	in	advanc	stage	tumor	compar	with	limit	stage	disease.	becaus	of	the	variabl	express	of	nm23-h1	in	differ	tumors,	we	have	investig	the	relationship	between	amount	of	the	protein	and	cell	proliferation.	the	level	of	p19/nm23	were	compar	between	rest	and	mitot	stimul	normal	human	pbl	and	in	leukemia	cells.	the	amount	of	p19/nm23	increas	in	normal	lymphocyt	in	respons	to	mitot	stimul	and	parallel	the	increas	in	dna	synthesis.	In	leukemia	cell	obtain	from	patient	with	differ	subtyp	of	acut	leukemia,	p19/nm23	level	were	also	increas	rel	to	rest	normal	lymphocytes.	treatment	of	mitot	stimul	lymphocyt	with	cyclosporin,	which	inhibit	proliferation,	block	the	increas	in	p19/nm23;	treatment	of	the	leukemia	cell	line	hl-60	with	dimethylsulfoxide,	which	induc	termin	differentiation,	result	in	diminish	level	of	p19/nm23.	our	data	therefor	provid	evid	that	nm23-h1	express	is	relat	to	cell	prolif	activity.
116187	carrier	detect	of	pyruv	carboxylas	defici	in	fibroblast	and	lymphocytes.	pyruv	carboxylas	(e.	C.	6.	4.	1.	1)	activ	wa	determin	in	the	circul	peripher	lymphocyt	and	cultur	skin	fibroblast	from	the	famili	of	a	patient	with	hepatic,	cerebral,	renal	cortical,	leukocyte,	and	fibroblast	pyruv	carboxylas	defici	(pc	portland	deficiency).	lymphocyt	activ	were	mother,	33--39%;	father,	11--29%;	brother,	82--103%;	and	sister,	38--48%	of	the	lowest	normal.	fibroblast	from	the	patient	mother	and	father	had	42	and	34%,	respectively,	of	the	activ	of	the	lowest	normal.	these	data	demonstr	that	the	diseas	is	inherit	in	an	autosom	recess	manner	and	that	lymphocyt	and	fibroblast	can	be	use	to	detect	carriers.	neither	pyruv	carboxylas	nor	mitochondri	pepck	activ	in	lymphocyt	wa	increas	by	a	21-hr	fast
2852474	complex	glycerol	kinas	deficiency:	molecular-genetic,	cytogenetic,	and	clinic	studi	of	five	japanes	patients.	five	male	japanes	patient	with	complex	glycerol	kinas	defici	(cgkd)	and	their	rel	were	studi	clinically,	cytogenetically,	and	molecular-genetically.	all	patient	had	muscular	dystrophi	or	muscl	weakness,	mental	retardation,	congenit	adren	hypoplasia,	and	glycerol	kinas	deficiency.	high-resolut	gtg-band	chromosom	show	a	microdelet	in	the	xp21	region	in	all	four	patient	examin	and	in	all	five	mothers.	southern	hybridizations,	after	digest	by	restrict	endonucleases,	with	variou	clone	dna	(d2,	99-6,	b24,	c7,	l1-4,	cdmd13-14,	j66-hi,	p20,	j-bir,	ert87-30,	ert87-15,	ert87-8,	ert87-1,	xj-1.	1,	754,	cx5.	7,	and	otc-1)	that	are	locat	around	xp21	also	show	a	delet	in	the	genom	of	all	patient	and	mothers.	although	the	delet	differ	in	size	among	patients,	a	segment	commonli	absent	wa	locat	between	the	genom	sequenc	correspond	to	l1-4	and	cdmd13-14.	thi	find	indic	that	the	gene	code	for	glycerol	kinas	(gk)	is	locat	within	thi	segment.	A	comparison	of	the	clinic	manifest	of	the	present	five	patient	and	report	cgkd	or	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	patient	with	dna	delet	suggest	the	exist	of	a	certain	gene	respons	for	gonadotropin	defici	(gtd).	the	result	of	the	present	studi	and	result	of	previou	studi	suggest	that	gene	for	ornithin	transcarbamylas	(otc),	dmd,	and	GK	and	put	gene	respons	for	congenit	adren	hypoplasia	(ahc)	and	gtd	are	arrang	from	telomer	to	centromer	as	pter--gtd--ahc--gk--dmd--otc--c
7726234	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	and	myoton	dystrophi	in	the	same	patient.	We	report	on	the	first	patient	identifi	with	myoton	dystrophi	and	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd).	the	famili	of	the	propositu	had	a	strong	histori	of	myoton	dystrophy,	and	there	wa	an	intrafamili	patholog	expans	of	the	respons	ctg	repeat	between	the	mildli	affect	mother	(160	repeats;	normal	27	repeats)	and	her	more	sever	affect	son	(650	repeats),	and	hi	sister	(650	repeats).	the	propositu	wa	an	isol	case	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	with	mark	dystrophin	defici	in	muscl	biopsy.	the	patient	wa	still	ambulatori	post	age	16.	myoton	dystrophi	could	interfer	to	some	extent	with	the	progress	of	duchenn	dystrophy.	however,	other	interpret	are	possible.	twelv	percent	of	dystrophin	revert	fiber	as	observ	by	immunohistochemistri	could	be	suffici	to	amelior	typic	dmd	clinic	severity,	or	the	patient	may	present	a	somat	mosaic.	the	pathophysiolog	interact	of	these	two	unlink	disord	are	discuss	at	the	clinic	and	histopatholog	levels.
8500791	autosom	recess	transmiss	of	hemophilia	A	due	to	a	von	willebrand	factor	mutation.	the	differenti	diagnosi	of	the	genet	bleed	disorders,	hemophilia	A	and	von	willebrand	disease,	is	occasion	confound	by	the	close	molecular	relationship	of	coagul	factor	viii	and	von	willebrand	factor	(vwf).	thi	report	describ	the	autosom	inherit	of	a	hemophilia	A	phenotyp	due	to	a	mutat	of	vwf	that	result	in	defect	factor	viii	binding.	the	proband	wa	a	femal	patient	with	low	level	of	factor	viii	activity.	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	amplif	and	dna	sequenc	were	employ	to	examin	exon	encod	the	put	factor	viii	bind	domain	of	vwf.	the	patient	wa	found	to	be	homozyg	for	a	singl	point	mutat	caus	a	thr--	>	met	substitut	at	amino	acid	posit	28	in	the	matur	vwf	subunit.	the	phenotyp	express	of	the	mutat	wa	determin	to	be	recess	becaus	heterozyg	famili	member	were	clinic	unaffected.	recombin	vwf	contain	the	observ	amino	acid	substitut	wa	express	in	cos-1	cells.	the	mutant	vwf	wa	process	and	secret	normally,	and	wa	function	equival	to	wild-typ	vwf	in	it	abil	to	bind	to	platelets.	however,	the	mutant	fail	to	bind	factor	viii,	demonstr	that	the	mutat	wa	function	relat	to	the	observ	hemophilia	phenotype.	the	famili	we	describ	demonstr	the	recess	inherit	of	a	recent	recogn	class	of	genet	bleed	disorders,	we	call	"	autosom	hemophilia.	"	We	conclud	that	vwf	mutat	may	be	an	under	recogn	caus	of	hemophilia,	especi	in	case	where	the	inherit	pattern	is	not	consist	with	x-link	transmiss
10737980	determin	of	30	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	mutations,	includ	15	not	previous	described.	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(x-ald)	is	the	most	frequent	peroxisom	disease.	It	mainli	involv	the	nervou	system	white	matter,	adren	cortex	and	testes.	sever	distinct	clinic	phenotyp	are	known.	the	princip	biochem	abnorm	is	the	accumul	of	satur	very-long-chain	fatti	acid	(vlcfa	>	c22	0,	mainli	c26	0),	which	is	due	to	impair	capac	for	beta-oxid	in	peroxisomes.	diagnosi	is	usual	base	on	the	vlcfa	level	in	plasma	or	cultur	skin	fibroblast	in	both	patient	and	carriers.	In	0.	1%	of	affect	males,	however,	the	plasma	c26	0	level	is	borderlin	normal,	and	15%	of	oblig	femal	carrier	have	normal	results.	effect	mutat	detect	in	these	famili	is	therefor	fundament	to	unambigu	determin	the	genet	statu	of	each	individu	at	risk.	Of	particular	concern	are	femal	member	of	kindr	segreg	x-ald	mutations,	becaus	normal	vlcfa	level	do	not	guarante	lack	of	carrier	status.	We	describ	a	fast	method	for	detect	of	x-ald	mutations.	the	method	is	base	on	sscp	analysi	of	nest	pcr	fragment	follow	by	sequence-determin	reactions.	use	thi	methodolog	we	have	found	x-ald	mutat	in	30	kindreds,	includ	15	not	previous	report
7894491	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene	in	famili	with	early-onset	breast	and	ovarian	cancer.	We	analys	50	proband	with	a	famili	histori	of	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	for	germlin	mutat	in	the	code	region	of	the	brca1	candid	gene,	use	single-strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	analysi	on	pcr-amplifi	genom	dna.	A	total	of	eight	put	disease-caus	alter	were	identifi	four	of	these	are	frameshift	and	two	are	nonsens	mutations.	In	addition,	we	found	two	missens	mutations,	one	of	which	chang	the	final	cystein	of	the	brca1	zinc	finger	motif	to	glycine.	these	data	are	consist	with	a	tumour	suppressor	model,	and	support	the	notion	that	thi	candid	gene	is	in	fact	brca1.	the	heterogen	of	mutations,	coupl	with	the	larg	size	of	the	gene,	indic	that	clinic	applic	of	brca1	mutat	test	will	be	technic	challenging.
2355960	screen	for	carrier	of	tay-sach	diseas	among	ashkenazi	jews.	A	comparison	of	dna-bas	and	enzyme-bas	tests.	background	and	methods.	the	prevent	of	tay-sach	diseas	(gm2	gangliosidosis,	type	1)	depend	on	the	identif	of	carrier	of	the	gene	for	thi	autosom	recess	disorder.	We	compar	the	enzyme-bas	test	wide	use	in	screen	for	tay-sach	diseas	with	a	test	base	on	analysi	of	dna.	We	develop	method	to	detect	the	three	mutat	in	the	hexa	gene	that	occur	with	high	frequenc	among	ashkenazi	jew	two	mutat	caus	infantil	tay-sach	disease,	and	the	third	caus	the	adult-onset	form	of	the	disease.	dna	segment	contain	these	mutat	site	were	amplifi	with	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	and	analyz	for	the	presenc	of	the	mutations.	results.	among	62	ashkenazi	oblig	carrier	of	tay-sach	disease,	the	three	specif	mutat	account	for	all	but	one	of	the	mutant	allel	(98	percent).	In	216	ashkenazi	carrier	identifi	by	the	enzym	test,	dna	analysi	show	that	177	(82	percent)	had	one	of	the	identifi	mutations.	Of	the	177,	79	percent	had	the	exon	11	insert	mutation,	18	percent	had	the	intron	12	splice-junct	mutation,	and	3	percent	had	the	less	sever	exon	7	mutat	associ	with	adult-onset	disease.	the	result	of	the	enzym	test	in	the	39	subject	(18	percent)	who	were	defin	as	carrier	but	in	whom	dna	analysi	did	not	identifi	a	mutant	allel	were	probabl	fals	posit	(although	there	remain	some	possibl	of	unidentifi	mutations).	In	addition,	of	152	person	defin	as	noncarri	by	the	enzyme-bas	test,	1	wa	identifi	as	a	carrier	by	dna	analysi	(i.	e	e.,	a	fals	neg	enzyme-test	result).	conclusions.	the	increas	specif	and	predict	valu	of	the	dna-bas	test	make	it	a	use	adjunct	to	the	diagnost	test	current	use	to	screen	for	carrier	of	tay-sach	diseas
8002973	adrenoleukodystrophi	gene	encod	an	80	kda	membran	protein.	An	antibodi	against	the	synthet	c-termin	peptid	deduc	from	the	cdna	of	the	gene	respons	for	x-link	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	wa	produc	to	character	the	product	of	the	ald	gene.	the	antibodi	react	with	the	80	kda	band	protein	in	control	fibroblasts,	while	no	band	were	detect	in	the	fibroblast	from	a	patient	with	ald	(#	163),	in	which	mrna	of	the	ald	gene	wa	undetect	base	on	northern	blot	analysis.	the	293t	cell	transfect	with	the	full-cod	cdna	insert	in	the	express	vector	produc	a	new	80	kda	protein,	as	detect	by	western	blot.	In	an	immunocytolog	study,	the	stain	wa	in	a	punctat	pattern,	in	the	normal	fibroblasts.	however,	there	wa	no	punctat	stain	in	the	#	163	cells.	these	data	thu	indic	that	the	ald	gene	encod	an	80	kda	membran	protein.
2568588	preferenti	germlin	mutat	of	the	patern	allel	in	retinoblastoma.	the	event	trigger	malign	prolifer	in	70%	of	retinoblastoma	tumour	is	loss	of	heterozygos	for	chromosom	13q14,	wherebi	the	normal	retinoblastoma	gene	(rb1)	allel	is	lost	and	an	alreadi	mutat	rb1	allel	remain	in	the	tumour.	the	first	allel	suffer	a	mutat	event--deletion,	duplic	or	point	mutat	(manuscript	in	preparation)	--either	in	the	germ	line	(all	bilater	patients)	or	in	a	somat	retin	cell	(most	unilater	patients).	most	bilater	patient	have	no	famili	histori	of	retinoblastoma	and	are	presum	to	have	new	germlin	mutat	which	aros	in	the	egg,	sperm	or	earli	embryo.	We	have	determin	the	parent	origin	of	the	retain	allel	in	nine	retinoblastoma	tumour	from	eight	unrel	non-famili	case	by	use	rb1-link	genet	markers.	six	tumour	retain	the	patern	allel	and	three	retain	the	matern	allele.	Of	the	three	unilater	tumours,	onli	one	retain	the	patern	rb1	allele.	thus,	there	is	no	evid	that	the	patern	rb1	allel	is	preferenti	retain	in	retinoblastoma,	as	ha	been	suggest	to	be	the	case	in	osteosarcoma.	By	contrast,	tumour	from	four	of	the	five	bilater	patient	retain	the	patern	rb1	allele.	thi	suggest	either	that	new	germlin	rb1	mutat	aris	more	frequent	dure	spermatogenesi	than	dure	oogenesis,	or	that	imprint	in	the	earli	embryo	affect	chromosom	suscept	to	mutation.
10817650	mutat	at	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	locu	and	clinic	phenotyp	of	a-t	patients.	mutat	at	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	locu	on	chromosom	band	11q22	caus	a	distinct	autosom	recess	syndrom	in	homozygot	and	predispos	heterozygot	to	cancer,	ischem	heart	disease,	and	earli	mortality.	pcr	amplif	from	genom	dna	and	autom	sequenc	of	the	entir	code	region	(66	exons)	and	splice	junction	detect	77	mutat	(85%)	in	90	a-t	chromosomes.	heteroduplex	analysi	detect	anoth	42	mutat	at	the	a-t	locus.	out	of	a	total	of	71	uniqu	mutations,	50	were	found	onli	in	a	singl	family,	and	51	had	not	been	report	previously.	most	(58/71,	82%)	mutat	were	frameshift	and	nonsens	mutat	that	are	predict	to	caus	truncat	of	the	a-t	protein;	the	less	common	mutat	type	were	missens	(9/71,	13%),	splice	(3/71,	4%)	and	one	in-fram	deletion,	2546	3	(1/71,	1%).	the	mean	surviv	and	height	distribut	of	134	a-t	patient	correl	significantli	with	the	specif	mutat	present	in	the	patients.	patient	homozyg	for	a	singl	truncat	mutation,	typic	near	the	n-termin	end	of	the	gene,	or	heterozyg	for	the	in-fram	delet	2546	3,	were	shorter	and	had	significantli	shorter	surviv	than	those	heterozyg	for	a	splice	site	or	missens	mutation,	or	heterozyg	for	two	truncat	mutations.	alter	of	the	length	or	amino	acid	composit	of	the	a-t	gene	product	affect	the	a-t	clinic	phenotyp	in	differ	ways.	mutat	analysi	at	the	a-t	locu	may	help	estim	the	prognosi	of	a-t	patients.
7815415	anticip	result	in	elimin	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	gene:	a	follow	up	studi	of	one	extend	family.	We	have	re-examin	an	extend	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	family,	previous	describ	in	1955,	in	order	to	studi	the	long	term	effect	of	anticip	in	DM	and	in	particular	the	implic	for	famili	affect	by	thi	disease.	thi	follow	up	studi	provid	data	on	35	gene	carrier	and	46	asymptomat	at	risk	famili	member	in	five	generations.	clinic	anticipation,	defin	as	the	cascad	of	mild,	adult,	childhood,	or	congenit	diseas	in	subsequ	generations,	appear	to	be	a	relentless	process,	occur	in	all	affect	branch	of	the	family.	the	cascad	wa	found	to	proceed	asynchron	in	the	differ	branches,	mainli	becaus	of	an	unequ	number	of	gener	with	mild	disease.	the	transit	from	the	mild	to	the	adult	type	wa	associ	with	transmiss	through	a	male	parent.	stabl	transmiss	of	the	asymptomatic/mild	phenotyp	show	a	femal	transmiss	bias.	We	further	examin	the	extent	and	caus	of	gene	loss	in	thi	pedigree.	gene	loss	in	the	patient	group	wa	complete,	owe	to	infertil	of	the	male	patient	with	adult	onset	diseas	and	the	fact	that	mental	retard	patient	did	not	procreate.	out	of	the	46	at	risk	subject	in	the	two	youngest	generations,	onli	one	wa	found	to	have	a	full	mutation.	thi	is	the	onli	subject	who	may	transmit	the	gene	to	the	sixth	generation.	No	protomut	carrier	were	found	in	the	fourth	and	fifth	generations.	therefor	it	is	highli	probabl	that	the	DM	gene	will	be	elimin	from	thi	pedigre	within	one	generation.	the	high	popul	frequenc	of	DM	can	at	present	not	be	explain	by	the	contribut	of	asymptomat	case	in	the	younger	gener	of	known	families,	but	is	probabl	caus	by	the	event	in	the	ancestr	generations.
10571943	exon	9	mutat	in	the	wt1	gene,	without	influenc	kt	splice	isoforms,	are	also	respons	for	frasier	syndrome.	We	report	new	mutat	in	exon	9	of	the	wt1	gene	that	did	not	alter	the	ratio	of	+/-	kt	splice	isoform	in	two	unrel	patient	with	frasier	syndrom	(fs).	the	mutat	of	intron	9	induc	defect	altern	splice	wa	report	to	be	respons	for	thi	syndrome.	the	mutat	found	in	our	case	occur	in	the	same	exon	of	the	wt1	gene	as	detect	in	denys-drash	syndrom	(dds)	and	could	not	be	explain	by	the	previous	propos	mechanism.	the	result	suggest	that	the	two	syndrom	origin	from	the	same	wt1	gene	abnormality.	from	a	molecular	biolog	point	of	view,	we	conclud	that	the	two	diseas	were	not	separable,	and	that	FS	should	be	includ	as	an	atyp	form	of	dds.
10500204	deficit	of	in	vivo	mitochondri	atp	product	in	patient	with	friedreich	ataxia.	friedreich	ataxia	(frda),	the	most	common	of	the	inherit	ataxias,	is	an	autosom	recess	degen	disorder,	character	clinic	by	onset	befor	the	age	of	25	of	progress	gait	and	limb	ataxia,	absenc	of	deep	tendon	reflexes,	extensor	plantar	responses,	and	loss	of	posit	and	vibrat	sens	in	the	lower	limbs.	frda	is	caus	by	a	gaa	triplet	expans	in	the	first	intron	of	the	frda	gene	on	chromosom	9q13	in	97%	of	patients.	the	frda	gene	encod	a	wide	express	210-aa	protein,	frataxin,	which	is	locat	in	mitochondria	and	is	sever	reduc	in	frda	patients.	frataxin	function	is	still	unknown	but	the	knockout	of	the	yeast	frataxin	homologu	gene	(yfh1)	show	a	sever	defect	of	mitochondri	respir	and	loss	of	mtdna	associ	with	elev	intramitochondri	iron.	here	we	report	in	vivo	evid	of	impair	mitochondri	respir	in	skelet	muscl	of	frda	patients.	use	phosphoru	magnet	reson	spectroscopi	we	demonstr	a	maximum	rate	of	muscl	mitochondri	atp	product	(V	(max))	below	the	normal	rang	in	all	12	frda	patient	and	a	strong	neg	correl	between	mitochondri	V	(max)	and	the	number	of	gaa	repeat	in	the	smaller	allele.	our	result	show	that	frda	is	a	nuclear-encod	mitochondri	disord	affect	oxid	phosphoryl	and	give	a	rational	for	treatment	aim	to	improv	mitochondri	function	in	thi	condition.
2912886	chronic	nonspherocyt	hemolyt	anemia	(cnsha)	and	glucos	6	phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	in	a	patient	with	famili	amyloidot	polyneuropathi	(fap).	molecular	studi	of	a	new	variant	(g6pd	clinic)	with	markedli	acid	pH	optimum.	A	new	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	variant	with	sever	erythrocyt	g6pd	defici	and	a	uniqu	pH	optimum	is	describ	in	a	young	patient	with	chronic	nonspherocyt	hemolyt	anemia	(cnsha)	and	famili	amyloidot	polyneuropathi	(fap).	chronic	hemolysi	wa	present	in	the	absenc	of	infections,	oxid	drug	or	ingest	of	faba	beans.	residu	enzym	activ	wa	about	2.	6%	and	63%	of	normal	activ	in	erythrocyt	and	leucocytes,	respectively.	A	molecular	studi	use	standard	method	show	g6pd	in	the	patient	to	have	normal	electrophoret	mobil	(at	pH	7.	0,	8.	0	and	8.	8),	normal	appar	affin	for	substrat	(km,	g6p	and	nadp)	and	a	slightli	abnorm	util	of	substrat	analogu	(decreas	deamino-nadp	and	increas	2-deoxyglucose-6-phosph	utilization).	heat	stabil	wa	found	to	be	markedli	decreas	(8%	of	residu	activ	after	20	min	of	incub	at	46	degre	C)	and	a	particular	characterist	of	thi	enzym	wa	a	biphas	pH	curv	with	a	greatli	increas	activ	at	low	ph.	although	molecular	characterist	of	thi	variant	close	resembl	those	of	g6pd	bangkok	and	g6pd	duarte,	it	can	be	distinguish	from	these	and	all	other	previous	report	variant	by	virtu	of	it	unusu	pH	curve.	therefor	the	present	variant	ha	been	design	g6pd	clinic	to	distinguish	it	from	other	g6pd	variant	previous	describ
3422216	region	local	of	polymorph	dna	loci	on	the	proxim	long	arm	of	the	X	chromosom	use	delet	associ	with	choroideremia.	In	two	unrel	families,	male	have	been	identifi	who	suffer	from	choroideremia	and	at	the	same	time	have	an	interstiti	delet	on	the	proxim	long	arm	of	the	X	chromosome.	By	high-resolut	band	we	have	character	the	delet	chromosom	as	del	(x)	(q21.	1-q21	1-q21.	33)	and	del	(x)	(q21.	2-q21	2-q21.	31)	respectively.	By	southern	blot	analysi	we	have	map	ten	differ	polymorph	dna	loci	rel	to	the	posit	of	the	delet	and	the	choroideremia	locu	tcd.	one	probe,	p31,	wa	shown	to	cover	one	of	the	breakpoint	of	the	smallest	deletion.	the	follow	order	of	the	loci	wa	suggest	by	delet	map	cen-dxs106-dxs72-tcd-	(dxys1/dxys23/dxys5)	-	dxys2-	(dxys12/dxs3)	-	(dxs17/dxs101)	-	xqter
2016095	A	de	novo	unbalanc	reciproc	transloc	identifi	as	patern	in	origin	in	the	prader-willi	syndrome.	interstiti	cytogenet	delet	involv	the	patern	deriv	chromosom	15q11-13	have	been	describ	in	patient	with	the	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	We	report	a	child	with	pw	and	a	de	novo	unbalanc	karyotyp	-45,	xy,	-9,	-15,	+	der	(9)	t	(9;	15)	(q34;	q13).	molecular	studi	with	the	dna	probe	pml34	confirm	that	onli	a	singl	prader	willi	critic	region	(pwcr	15q11.	2-q12)	copi	wa	present.	hybridis	of	patient	and	parent	dna	with	the	multi-allel	probe	cmw1,	which	map	to	pter-15q13,	show	that	the	chromosom	involv	in	the	transloc	wa	patern	in	origin.	thi	is	the	first	exampl	of	a	paternally-deriv	pwcr	allel	loss	caus	by	an	unbalanc	transloc	that	ha	arisen	de	novo
10807385	clinicopatholog	featur	of	brca-link	and	sporad	ovarian	cancer.	context	most	hereditari	ovarian	cancer	are	associ	with	germlin	mutat	in	brca1	or	brca2.	attempt	to	defin	the	clinic	signific	of	brca	mutat	statu	in	ovarian	cancer	have	produc	conflict	results,	especi	regard	survival.	object	To	determin	whether	hereditari	ovarian	cancer	have	distinct	clinic	and	patholog	featur	compar	with	sporad	(nonhereditary)	ovarian	cancers.	design	and	set	retrospect	cohort	studi	of	a	consecut	seri	of	933	ovarian	cancer	diagnos	and	treat	at	our	institution,	which	is	a	comprehens	cancer	center	as	design	by	the	nation	cancer	institute,	over	a	12-year	period	(decemb	1986	to	august	1998).	patient	the	studi	wa	restrict	to	patient	of	jewish	origin	becaus	of	the	eas	of	brca1	and	brca2	genotyp	in	thi	ethnic	group.	from	the	189	patient	who	identifi	themselv	as	jewish,	88	hereditari	case	were	identifi	with	the	presenc	of	a	germlin	founder	mutat	in	brca1	or	brca2.	the	remain	101	case	from	the	same	seri	not	associ	with	a	brca	mutat	and	2	addit	group	(gynecolog	oncolog	group	protocol	52	and	111)	with	ovarian	cancer	from	clinic	trial	(for	the	surviv	analysis)	were	includ	for	comparison.	main	outcom	measur	age	at	diagnosis,	surgic	stage,	histolog	cell	type	and	grade,	and	surgic	outcome;	and	respons	to	chemotherapi	and	surviv	for	advanced-stag	(ii	and	iv)	cases.	result	hereditari	cancer	were	rare	diagnos	befor	age	40	year	and	were	common	after	age	60	years,	with	mean	age	at	diagnosi	be	significantli	younger	for	brca1-	vs	brca2-link	patient	(54	vs	62	years;	P	=.	04).	histology,	grade,	stage,	and	success	of	cytoreduct	surgeri	were	similar	for	hereditari	and	sporad	cases.	the	hereditari	group	had	a	longer	disease-fre	interv	follow	primari	chemotherapi	in	comparison	with	the	nonhereditari	group,	with	a	median	time	to	recurr	of	14	month	and	7	months,	respect	(P	<.	001).	those	with	hereditari	cancer	had	improv	surviv	compar	with	the	nonhereditari	group	(P	=.	004).	for	stage	iii	cancers,	brca	mutat	statu	wa	an	independ	prognost	variabl	(P	=.	03).	conclus	although	brca-associ	hereditari	ovarian	cancer	in	thi	popul	have	surgic	and	patholog	characterist	similar	to	those	of	sporad	cancers,	advanced-stag	hereditari	cancer	patient	surviv	longer	than	nonhereditari	cancer	patients.	age	penetr	is	greater	for	brca1-link	than	for	brca2-link	cancer	in	thi	popul
1302008	germlin	intron	and	exon	mutat	in	the	wilms'	tumour	gene	(wt1)	affect	urogenit	development.	denys-drash	syndrom	is	a	rare	human	development	disord	affect	the	urogenit	system	and	lead	to	renal	failure,	intersex	disord	and	wilm	tumour.	In	thi	report,	four	individu	with	thi	syndrom	are	describ	carri	germlin	point	mutat	in	the	wilm	tumour	suppressor	gene,	wt1.	three	of	these	mutat	were	in	the	zinc	finger	domain	of	wt1.	the	fourth	occur	within	intron	9,	prevent	splice	at	one	of	the	altern	chosen	splice	donor	site	of	exon	9	when	assay	in	vitro.	these	result	provid	genet	evid	for	distinct	function	role	of	the	wt1	isoform	in	urogenit	development.
3014348	analysi	of	delet	in	dna	from	patient	with	becker	and	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy.	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	is	an	x-link	recess	genet	disord	for	which	the	biochem	defect	is	as	yet	unknown.	recently,	two	clone	segment	of	human	x-chromosom	dna	have	been	describ	which	detect	structur	alter	within	or	near	the	genet	locu	respons	for	the	disorder.	both	of	these	clone	segment	were	describ	as	tightli	link	to	the	locu	and	were	capabl	of	detect	delet	in	the	dna	of	boy	affect	with	dmd.	In	an	attempt	to	determin	more	precis	the	occurr	of	these	delet	within	a	larg	popul	of	dmd	patient	and	the	accuraci	of	one	of	the	segments,	dxs164	(pert87),	in	determin	the	inherit	of	the	dmd	X	chromosome,	the	subclon	1,	8	and	15	were	made	avail	to	mani	investig	throughout	the	world.	here	we	describ	the	combin	result	of	more	than	20	research	laboratori	with	respect	to	the	occurr	of	delet	at	the	dxs164	locu	in	dna	sampl	isol	from	patient	with	dmd	and	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(bmd).	the	result	indic	that	the	dxs164	locu	appar	recombin	with	dmd	5%	of	the	time,	but	is	probabl	locat	between	independ	site	of	mutat	which	yield	dmd.	the	breakpoint	of	some	delet	are	delin	within	the	dxs164	locus,	and	it	is	evid	that	the	delet	at	the	dmd	locu	are	frequent	and	extrem	large.
7802009	addit	case	of	femal	monozygot	twin	discord	for	the	clinic	manifest	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	due	to	opposit	x-chromosom	inactivation.	A	pair	of	femal	monozygot	(mz)	twins,	heterozyg	carrier	for	a	delet	in	the	dmd	gene	and	discord	for	the	clinic	manifest	of	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy,	were	analyz	by	molecular	studies,	in	situ	hybridization,	and	methyl	pattern	of	X	chromosom	to	search	for	opposit	X	inactiv	as	an	explan	of	their	clinic	discordance.	result	in	lymphocyt	and	skin	fibroblast	cell	line	suggest	a	partial	mirror	inactiv	with	the	normal	X	chromosom	preferenti	activ	in	the	unaffect	twin,	and	the	matern	delet	X	chromosom	preferenti	activ	in	the	affect	twin.	A	review	show	that	MZ	femal	twin	discord	for	x-link	diseas	are	not	uncommon.	twin	and	X	inactiv	may	be	interrel	and	could	explain	the	femal	twin	discord	for	x-link	traits.
1127526	analbuminemia	in	a	neonate.	A	small-for-gestational-ag	infant,	found	to	have	analbuminemia	in	the	neonat	period,	is	report	and	the	twelv	case	record	in	the	world	literatur	are	reviewed.	patient	lack	thi	serum	protein	are	essenti	asymptomatic,	apart	from	minim	ankl	edema	and	eas	of	fatigue.	appar	compensatori	mechan	which	come	into	play	when	serum	albumin	is	low	includ	prolong	half-lif	of	albumin	and	transferrin,	an	increas	in	serum	globulins,	beta	lipoprotein,	and	glycoproteins,	arteri	hypotens	with	reduc	capillari	hydrostat	pressure,	and	the	abil	to	respond	with	rapid	sodium	and	chlorid	diuresi	in	respons	to	small	volum	changes.	examin	of	plasma	amino	acids,	an	investig	not	previous	reported,	reveal	an	extrem	low	plasma	tryptophan	level,	a	find	which	may	be	import	in	view	of	the	role	of	tryptophan	in	albumin	synthesis.
7857677	homozyg	presenc	of	the	crossov	(fusion	gene)	mutat	identifi	in	a	type	II	gaucher	diseas	fetus:	is	thi	analog	to	the	gaucher	knock-out	mous	model?	gaucher	diseas	(gd)	is	an	inherit	defici	of	beta-glucocerebrosidas	(ec	3.	1.	2.	45,	gene	symbol	gba).	In	type	I	gd,	the	cn	is	not	involv	(nonneuronopathic),	wherea	in	type	II	GD	(acut	neuronopathic)	cn	involv	is	earli	and	rapidli	progressive,	while	in	type	iii	GD	(subacut	neuronopathic)	cn	involv	occur	later	and	is	slowli	progressive.	the	t6433c	(l444p)	substitut	is	preval	in	type	GD	ii.	It	may	occur	alon	as	a	singl	base-pair	mutat	but	often	is	found	as	part	of	a	complex	allel	contain	addit	gba	nucleotid	substitutions,	g6468c	(a456p)	and	g6482c	(v460v),	without	(recncii)	or	with	(rectl)	g5957c	(d409h).	thi	complex	allel	is	presum	to	have	form	by	recombin	(crossover,	fusion)	of	the	structur	gene	with	the	pseudogene,	which	contain	the	mutat	sequences.	two	complex	allel	have	never	been	demonstr	to	coexist	in	ani	individual.	We	devis	a	select	pcr	method	for	the	specif	amplif	of	the	normal	and/or	fusion	gene.	use	thi	procedur	we	demonstr	the	fusion	gene	in	homozyg	form	for	the	first	time,	in	a	macedonian/ashkenazi	jewish	GD	type	II	fetus.	both	parent	were	carrier	of	the	recombination.	thi	wa	confirm	by	direct	sequenc	analysis.	A	previou	conceptu	in	thi	famili	wa	stillborn	at	36	weeks,	with	featur	of	sever	type	II	gd.	neonat	show	a	sever	clinic	phenotype,	analog	to	the	earli	neonat	lethal	diseas	occur	in	mice	homozyg	for	a	null	allel	produc	by	target	disrupt	of	gba,	have	been	describ	elsewhere,	but	the	specif	mutat	in	these	case	have	not	yet	been	characterized.	(abstract	truncat	AT	250	word
10403837	decreas	in	gtp	cyclohydrolas	I	gene	express	caus	by	inactiv	of	one	allel	in	hereditari	progress	dystonia	with	mark	diurnal	fluctuation.	hereditari	progress	dystonia	with	mark	diurnal	fluctuat	(hpd;	dopa-respons	dystonia,	drd)	have	been	recent	found	to	be	caus	by	a	genet	defect	in	the	gtp	cyclohydrolas	I	(gch1)	gene.	In	thi	study,	we	quantifi	the	mrna	level	of	gch1	in	phytohemagglutinin	(pha)	-stimul	mononuclear	blood	cell	from	one	japanes	famili	that	do	not	have	a	mutat	in	the	code	region	or	splice	junction	of	the	gene.	the	result	show	that	the	amount	of	the	gch1	mrna	were	decreas	to	about	40%	of	the	normal	level	in	both	patient	and	carriers.	In	addition,	we	found	that	the	gch1	mrna	wa	transcrib	from	onli	one	allele,	indic	that	the	other	allel	wa	in	an	inact	state.	these	result	suggest	that	some	novel	mutat	should	exist	on	one	of	the	allel	in	some	unknown	region	of	the	gch1	gene,	and	may	decreas	the	gch1	mrna	caus	the	hpd/drd	symptoms.
10447259	novel	mutat	in	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	protein	gene	and	their	effect	on	transcriptional,	translational,	and	clinic	phenotypes.	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was)	is	an	x-link	recess	immunodefici	character	by	thrombocytopenia,	eczema,	and	recurr	infections,	and	caus	by	mutat	in	the	wa	protein	(wasp)	gene.	wasp	contain	sever	function	domain	through	which	it	interact	with	protein	involv	in	intracellular	signal	and	regul	of	the	actin	cytoskeleton.	In	thi	report,	17	wasp	gene	mutat	were	identified,	12	of	which	are	novel.	dna	of	affect	male	and	oblig	carrier	wa	pcr	amplifi	and	analyz	by	ssca,	heteroduplex	analysis,	and	direct	sequencing.	the	effect	of	the	mutat	at	the	mrna	and	protein	level	were	ascertain	by	rt-pcr	and	western	blot	analyses.	all	missens	mutat	were	locat	in	exon	1-4.	most	of	the	nonsense,	frameshift	and	splice	site	mutat	were	found	in	exon	6-11.	mutat	that	alter	splice	site	led	to	the	synthesi	of	sever	type	of	mrnas,	a	fraction	of	which	repres	the	normal	splice	product.	the	presenc	of	normal	splice	transcript	wa	correl	with	a	milder	phenotype.	when	one	such	case	wa	studi	by	western	blotting,	reduc	amount	of	normal-s	wasp	were	present.	In	other	case	as	well,	a	correl	wa	found	between	the	amount	of	normal	or	mutant	wasp	present	and	the	phenotyp	of	the	affect	individuals.	No	protein	wa	detect	in	two	individu	with	sever	was.	reduc	level	of	a	normal-s	wasp	with	a	missens	mutat	were	seen	in	two	individu	with	xlt.	It	is	conclud	that	mutat	analysi	at	the	dna	level	is	not	suffici	for	predict	clinic	course.	studi	at	the	transcript	and	protein	level	are	need	for	a	better	assessment.
511159	incid	and	characterist	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	variant	in	japan.	A	total	of	3000	men	live	in	yamaguchi	were	screen	for	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	use	beutler	spot	test	and	three	type	of	starch	gel	electrophoresis.	these	electrophoresi	use	a	phosphat	buffer	system	at	pH	7.	0,	a	tris-edta-bor	buffer	system	at	pH	8.	6,	and	a	tris-hydrochlorid	buffer	system	at	pH	8..	fifteen	g6pd-defici	variant	were	found	at	the	rate	of	0.	5%	and	classifi	into	four	groups.	As	new	variants,	g6pd	konan,	kamiube,	and	kiwa	were	identified.	these	three	variant	had	a	mild	to	moder	g6pd	defici	and	were	not	associ	with	ani	clinic	signs.	g6pd	konan	had	fast	electrophoret	mobil	as	compar	with	normal	levels,	g6pd	kiwa	had	slightli	elev	electrophoret	mobility,	and	g6pd	kamiub	had	normal	electrophoret	mobility.	these	three	variant	had	normal	level	of	Km	g6p,	Km	nadp,	and	Ki	nadph,	normal	util	of	both	2-deoxy-g6p	and	deamino-napd,	normal	heat	stability,	and	a	normal	pH	curve.	the	other	variant	wa	g6pd	ube,	which	we	had	previous	found	in	yamaguchi	(nakashima	et	al.,	1977).	one	boy	with	g6pd	ube	wa	korea
8266996	differ	in	methyl	pattern	within	the	d15s9	region	of	chromosom	15q11-13	in	first	cousin	with	angelman	syndrom	and	prader-willi	syndrome.	abnorm	of	chromosom	region	15q11-13	are	associ	with	angelman	syndrom	(as)	and	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	differ	between	the	methyl	pattern	of	the	region	of	chromosom	15q11-13	which	hybrid	to	the	highli	conserv	dna,	dn34,	in	normal	individu	and	in	patient	with	AS	and	pw	have	been	described.	We	report	on	a	famili	in	which	first	cousin	are	affect	by	AS	and	pw	as	a	result	of	a	famili	paracentr	invers	of	15q11-q13.	the	result	of	the	studi	on	thi	famili	demonstr	the	differ	in	the	methyl	pattern	in	the	2	condit	and	the	phenomenon	of	genom	imprinting,	wherebi	genet	inform	is	express	differ	depend	on	the	parent	of	origin.
1307245	mutat	in	the	candid	gene	for	norri	disease.	recently,	we	and	other	have	isol	a	candid	gene	for	X	link	norri	diseas	(nd)	which	wa	found	to	be	delet	or	disrupt	in	sever	patients.	As	a	prerequisit	for	the	identif	of	point	mutat	in	the	ND	gene	we	have	establish	the	exon-intron	structur	of	thi	gene.	In	17	unrel	patient	and	15	controls,	pcr	product	deriv	from	the	promot	region,	exon	1	and	2	as	well	as	the	code	part	of	exon	3	were	analys	with	the	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	technique.	In	12	patient	alter	pcr	fragment	were	detect	which	were	studi	in	detail	by	direct	sequencing.	eleven	differ	mutat	were	found,	and	all	but	one	are	like	to	give	rise	to	signific	structur	chang	in	the	predict	protein.	these	findings,	and	the	absenc	of	function	relev	base	chang	in	healthi	controls,	emphas	the	causal	role	of	thi	candid	gene	in	norri	diseas	and	pave	the	way	for	reliabl	diagnosi	and	carrier	detection.
7874117	A	singl	amino	acid	substitut	(g103d)	in	the	type	II	collagen	tripl	helix	produc	kniest	dysplasia.	kniest	dysplasia	is	a	moder	sever	chondrodysplasia	phenotyp	that	result	from	mutat	in	the	gene	for	type	II	collagen,	col2a1.	characterist	of	the	disord	includ	a	short	trunk	and	extremities,	mid-fac	hypoplasia,	cleft	palate,	myopia,	retin	detachment,	and	hear	loss.	recently,	delet	of	all	or	part	of	exon	12	have	been	identifi	in	individu	with	kniest	dysplasia,	suggest	that	mutat	within	thi	region	of	the	protein	may	primarili	result	in	the	kniest	dysplasia	phenotype.	We	use	sscp	to	analyz	an	amplifi	genom	dna	fragment	contain	exon	12	from	seven	individu	with	kniest	dysplasia.	An	abnorm	wa	identifi	in	one	patient.	dna	sequenc	analysi	demonstr	that	the	patient	wa	heterozyg	for	a	G	to	A	transit	that	impli	substitut	of	glycine103	of	the	tripl	helic	domain	by	aspartate.	the	mutat	wa	not	observ	in	dna	from	either	of	the	clinic	unaffect	parent	of	the	proband.	protein	microsequenc	demonstr	express	of	the	abnorm	allel	in	cartilage.	these	data	demonstr	that	point	mutat	which	result	in	singl	amino	acid	substitut	can	produc	kniest	dysplasia	and	further	support	the	hypothesi	that	alter	of	a	domain,	which	includ	the	region	encod	by	exon	12,	in	the	type	II	collagen	protein	lead	to	thi	disorder.
10434119	linkag	analysi	of	5	novel	van	der	woud	syndrom	kindr	to	1q32-q41	marker	further	support	locu	homogen	of	the	diseas	trait.	van	der	woud	syndrom	(vws,	mim	119300)	is	a	rare	autosom	domin	cleft	condit	with	cardin	featur	of	mucou	cyst	(lower-lip	pits)	and	cleft	to	the	lip	and/or	palate.	the	vw	gene	ha	been	assign	to	a	locu	in	1q32-q41	by	linkag	analysi	and	physic	mapping.	We	have	investig	5	novel	vw	famili	through	proband	attend	for	cleft	lip	and/or	palat	repair	at	the	depart	of	maxillofaci	surgeri	of	hopit	trousseau,	paris,	in	order	to	tent	refin	the	genet	map	of	the	vw	region	in	1q32-q41	and	possibl	identifi	unlink	pedigrees.	linkag	analysi	wa	carri	out	to	6	microsatellit	marker	(d1s249,	d1s425,	d1s491,	d1s205,	d1s414,	d1s425),	yield	a	maximum	cumul	lod	score	of	Z	=	3.	27	at	theta	=	0.	00	for	d1s245.	the	innermost	four	marker	were	found	to	be	tightli	link	to	one	another,	with	no	evid	for	recombination.	our	result	support	linkag	of	vw	within	a	region	of	tightli	link	marker	and	do	not	favour	locu	heterogen	of	the	diseas	trait
3578281	hypopigment	in	the	prader-willi	syndrome.	cutan	and	ocular	pigment	were	evalu	in	29	individu	with	the	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	criteria	for	hypopigment	includ	the	presenc	of	type	I	or	II	skin,	the	lightest	skin	type	in	the	famili	by	history,	and	iri	transluc	on	globe	transillumination.	On	the	basi	of	these	criteria,	48%	of	the	pw	individu	were	hypopigmented.	the	presenc	of	hypopigment	correl	with	a	small	interstiti	delet	on	the	proxim	long	arm	of	chromosom	15;	however,	thi	delet	wa	also	found	in	individu	who	did	not	meet	the	full	criteria	for	hypopigmentation.	hairbulb	tyrosinas	activ	and	glutathion	content,	as	well	as	urin	cysteinyldopa	excretion,	were	low	in	pw	individu	with	and	without	hypopigment	and	did	not	separ	these	two	groups.	We	conclud	that	hypopigment	is	found	in	a	signific	proport	of	individu	with	pw	and	that	the	hypopigment	may	be	associ	with	a	delet	of	the	long	arm	of	chromosom	15.	the	mechan	for	the	hypopigment	is	unknown.
495634	defici	of	the	fifth	compon	of	complement	in	human	subjects.	clinical,	genet	and	immunolog	studi	in	a	larg	kindred.	the	discoveri	of	a	larg	kindr	with	a	herit	defici	of	the	fifth	compon	of	complement	(c5)	ha	permit	the	accumul	of	new	clinical,	genet	and	immunolog	data	concern	the	role	of	C5	in	human	subjects.	the	proband,	who	ha	had	nine	episod	of	dissemin	gonococc	infection,	ha	a	hemolyt	C5	level	of	approxim	0.	5	per	cent	of	normal.	No	C5	protein	wa	detectable,	but	low	level	of	function	C5	activ	could	be	found	use	a	sensit	bactericid	assay.	the	proband	twin	as	well	as	anoth	sister	also	had	extrem	low	level	of	hemolyt	C5	(approxim	0.	5	per	cent	normal),	but	both	these	subject	have	been	healthy.	hemolyt	complement	and	bacteriolyt	activ	could	be	restor	by	the	addit	of	purifi	c5.	No	chemotact	activ	for	polymorphonuclear	leukocyt	could	be	gener	in	the	c5-defici	serum	upon	activ	of	either	the	classic	or	altern	pathways,	again	demonstr	the	import	of	C5	in	human	subject	for	the	product	of	chemotact	factors.	the	chemotact	respons	of	the	patient	polymorphonuclear	leukocyt	and	monocyt	to	preform	chemotact	factor	wa	not	depressed.	twenty-two	of	32	other	famili	member	from	three	gener	had	depress	whole	hemolyt	complement	levels.	In	19	of	30	famili	members,	level	of	hemolyt	C5	rang	from	13	to	64	per	cent	of	normal.	No	linkag	for	C5	defici	and	the	A	or	B	loci	of	the	major	histocompat	complex	could	be	found.	these	data	suggest	an	autosom	codomin	mode	of	inherit	of	C5	deficiency.	defici	of	C5	is	compat	with	good	health,	but	it	can	be	associ	with	repeat	dissemin	gonococc	infectio
8533762	A	new	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	variant,	g6pd	orissa	(44	ala-->gly),	is	the	major	polymorph	variant	in	tribal	popul	in	india.	defici	of	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	is	usual	found	at	high	frequenc	in	area	of	the	world	where	malaria	ha	been	endemic.	the	frequenc	and	genet	basi	of	g6pd	defici	have	been	studi	in	africa,	around	the	mediterranean,	and	in	the	far	east,	but	littl	such	inform	is	avail	about	the	situat	in	india.	To	determin	the	extent	of	heterogen	of	g6pd,	we	have	studi	sever	differ	indian	popul	by	screen	for	g6pd	deficiency,	follow	by	molecular	analysi	of	defici	alleles.	the	frequenc	of	g6pd	defici	vari	between	3%	and	15%	in	differ	tribal	and	urban	groups.	remarkably,	a	previous	unreport	defici	variant,	g6pd	orissa	(44	ala--	>	gly),	is	respons	for	most	of	the	g6pd	defici	in	tribal	indian	popul	but	is	not	found	in	urban	populations,	where	most	of	the	g6pd	defici	is	due	to	the	g6pd	mediterranean	(188	ser--	>	phe)	variant.	the	kmnadp	of	g6pd	orissa	is	fivefold	higher	than	that	of	the	normal	enzyme.	thi	may	be	due	to	the	fact	that	the	alanin	residu	that	is	replac	by	glycin	is	part	of	a	put	coenzyme-bind	site.
1655284	germlin	mutat	in	the	wilms'	tumor	suppressor	gene	are	associ	with	abnorm	urogenit	develop	in	denys-drash	syndrome.	denys-drash	syndrom	is	a	rare	human	condit	in	which	sever	urogenit	aberr	result	in	renal	failure,	pseudohermaphroditism,	and	wilm	tumor	(nephroblastoma).	To	investig	it	possibl	role,	we	have	analyz	the	code	exon	of	the	wilm	tumor	suppressor	gene	(wt1)	for	germlin	mutations.	In	ten	independ	case	of	denys-drash	syndrome,	point	mutat	in	the	zinc	finger	domain	of	one	wt1	gene	copi	were	found.	nine	of	these	mutat	are	found	within	exon	9	(zinc	finger	iii);	the	remain	mutat	is	in	exon	8	(zinc	finger	ii).	these	mutat	directli	affect	dna	sequenc	recognition.	In	two	famili	analyzed,	the	mutat	were	shown	to	aris	de	novo.	wilm	tumor	from	three	individu	and	one	juvenil	granulosa	cell	tumor	demonstr	reduct	to	homozygos	for	the	mutat	wt1	allele.	our	result	provid	evid	of	a	direct	role	for	wt1	in	denys-drash	syndrom	and	thu	urogenit	system	development.
10366443	molecular	basi	of	felin	beta-glucuronidas	deficiency:	an	anim	model	of	mucopolysaccharidosi	vii.	A	famili	of	domest	cat	wa	found	that	exhibit	clinic	and	biochem	abnorm	consist	with	mucopolysaccharidosi	vii,	an	autosom	recess	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	beta-glucuronidas	deficiency.	beta-glucuronidas	activ	wa	undetect	in	affect	cat	fibroblast	and	restor	by	retrovir	gene	transfer	of	rat	beta-glucuronidas	cdna.	beta-glucuronidas	mrna	wa	normal	in	affect	cat	testi	by	northern	blot	analysis.	normal	felin	beta-glucuronidas	cdna	wa	clone	and	characterized,	and	amplifi	from	affect	cat	fibroblast	by	revers	transcript	coupl	polymeras	chain	reaction.	there	wa	a	g-to-a	transit	in	the	affect	cat	cdna	that	predict	an	e351k	substitution,	destroy	a	bsssi	site,	and	elimin	gusb	enzymat	activ	in	express	studies.	multipl	speci	comparison	and	the	crystal	structur	of	human	beta-glucuronidas	indic	that	e351	is	a	highli	conserv	residu	most	like	essenti	in	mainten	of	the	enzym	conformation.	bsssi	digest	of	polymeras	chain	reaction	product	amplifi	from	genom	dna	indic	that	affect	cat	were	homozyg	and	cat	with	half-norm	beta-glucuronidas	activ	were	heterozyg	for	the	missens	mutation.	carrier	identifi	in	thi	manner	produc	affect	kitten	in	prospect	breedings,	and	a	felin	mp	vii	breed	coloni	ha	been	established.
10581027	loss-of-funct	mutat	in	the	cathepsin	C	gene	result	in	periodont	diseas	and	palmoplantar	keratosis.	papillon-lefevr	syndrome,	or	keratosi	palmoplantari	with	periodontopathia	(pls,	mim	245000),	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	that	is	mainli	ascertain	by	dentist	becaus	of	the	sever	periodont	that	afflict	patients.	both	the	decidu	and	perman	dentit	are	affected,	result	in	prematur	tooth	loss.	palmoplantar	keratosis,	vari	from	mild	psoriasiform	scali	skin	to	overt	hyperkeratosis,	typic	develop	within	the	first	three	year	of	life.	keratosi	also	affect	other	site	such	as	elbow	and	knees.	most	pl	patient	display	both	periodont	and	hyperkeratosis.	some	patient	have	onli	palmoplantar	keratosi	or	periodontitis,	and	in	rare	individu	the	periodont	is	mild	and	of	late	onset.	the	pl	locu	ha	been	map	to	chromosom	11q14-q21	(ref	7,	8,	9).	use	homozygos	map	in	eight	small	consanguin	families,	we	have	narrow	the	candid	region	to	a	1.	2-cm	interv	between	d11s4082	and	d11s931.	the	gene	(ctsc)	encod	the	lysosom	proteas	cathepsin	C	(or	dipeptidyl	aminopeptidas	I)	lie	within	thi	interval.	We	defin	the	genom	structur	of	ctsc	and	found	mutat	in	all	eight	families.	In	two	of	these	famili	we	use	a	function	assay	to	demonstr	an	almost	total	loss	of	cathepsin	C	activ	in	pl	patient	and	reduc	activ	in	oblig	carrier
8563759	brca1	defici	result	in	earli	embryon	lethal	character	by	neuroepitheli	abnormalities.	the	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene,	brca1,	ha	been	clone	and	shown	to	encod	a	zinc-fing	protein	of	unknown	function.	mutat	in	brca1	account	for	at	least	80%	of	famili	with	both	breast	and	ovarian	cancer,	as	well	as	some	non-famili	sporad	ovarian	cancers.	the	loss	of	wild-typ	brca1	in	tumour	of	individu	carri	one	nonfunct	brca1	allel	suggest	that	brca1	encod	a	tumour	suppressor	that	may	inhibit	the	prolifer	of	mammari	epitheli	cells.	To	examin	the	role	of	brca1	in	normal	tissu	growth	and	differentiation,	and	to	gener	a	potenti	model	for	the	cancer	suscept	associ	with	loss	of	brca1	function,	we	have	creat	a	mous	line	carri	a	mutat	in	one	brca1	allele.	analysi	of	mice	homozyg	for	the	mutant	allel	indic	that	brca1	is	critic	for	normal	development,	as	these	mice	die	in	utero	between	10	and	13	day	of	gestat	(e10-e13).	abnorm	in	brca1-defici	embryo	were	most	evid	in	the	neural	tube,	with	40%	of	the	embryo	present	with	vari	degre	of	spina	bifida	and	anencephaly.	In	addition,	the	neuroepithelium	in	brca1-defici	embryo	appear	disorganized,	with	sign	of	both	rapid	prolifer	and	excess	cell	death.
8301658	X	link	recess	thrombocytopenia.	A	saudi	arab	boy	present	in	earli	childhood	with	thrombocytopenia,	morpholog	larg	and	normal	size	platelets,	increas	mean	platelet	volume,	and	a	hypermegakaryocyt	bone	marrow.	there	wa	no	clinic	and	laboratori	evid	of	ani	signific	immunolog	abnormalities.	similar	find	in	two	other	brother	suggest	strongli	that	they	were	all	suffer	from	an	X	link	recess	thrombocytopen	disorder.	result	of	dna	analysi	with	the	probe	m27	beta	are	consist	with	X	linkag	and	indic	also	that	the	locu	of	the	relev	gene	lie	close	to	or	is	ident	to	the	locu	of	the	gene	for	the	wiskott-aldrich	syndrom	(was).	becaus	of	variou	featur	which	includ	the	presenc	of	larg	and	normal	size	platelet	(rather	than	small	platelets)	and	freedom	from	signific	immun	deficiencies,	it	is	like	that	the	X	link	recess	thrombocytopenia	in	thi	famili	is	an	isol	entiti	quit	distinct	from	the	classic	wa	phenotype.	however,	a	modifi	express	of	the	wa	gene	produc	a	mild	phenotyp	variant	cannot	be	exclud	entirely.
7315872	genet	of	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx):	an	autosom	recess	trait	with	high	gene	frequenc	in	sephardim	of	moroccan	origin.	We	describ	6	patient	(from	3	families)	affect	with	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx).	all	are	sephard	jew	of	moroccan	extraction.	In	view	of	the	small	number	of	ctx	patient	diagnos	in	the	world	(a	total	of	50	includ	our	6	patients),	we	are	probabl	deal	with	an	ethnic	subgroup	with	a	high	ctx	gene	frequency,	which	we	have	estim	to	be	1/108.	sinc	there	are	differ	in	express	in	thi	disease,	we	recommend	cholestanol	studi	in	case	of	undiagnos	cataract	or	tendin	xanthoma	in	childhood	or	earli	adolescence.	the	diagnosi	in	ctx	is	import	not	onli	for	genet	counseling,	but	also	in	veiw	of	possibl	treatment.
8408659	A	missens	mutat	in	the	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	gene	with	possibl	domin	effect	on	plasma	high	densiti	lipoproteins.	plasma	hdl	are	a	neg	risk	factor	for	atherosclerosis.	cholesteryl	ester	transfer	protein	(cetp;	476	amino	acids)	transfer	cholesteryl	ester	from	hdl	to	other	lipoproteins.	subject	with	homozyg	cetp	defici	caus	by	a	gene	splice	defect	have	markedli	elev	hdl;	however,	heterozygot	have	onli	mild	increas	in	hdl.	We	describ	two	proband	with	a	cetp	missens	mutat	(442	D	g).	although	heterozygous,	they	have	threefold	increas	in	hdl	concentr	and	markedli	decreas	plasma	cetp	mass	and	activity,	suggest	that	the	mutat	ha	domin	effect	on	cetp	and	hdl	in	vivo.	cellular	express	of	mutant	cdna	result	in	secret	of	onli	30%	of	wild	type	cetp	activity.	moreover,	coexpress	of	wild	type	and	mutant	cdna	lead	to	inhibit	of	wild	type	secret	and	activity.	the	domin	effect	of	the	cetp	missens	mutat	dure	cellular	express	probabl	explain	whi	the	proband	have	markedli	increas	hdl	in	the	heterozyg	state,	and	suggest	that	the	activ	molecular	speci	of	cetp	may	be	multimeric.
2571579	huntington	disease:	no	evid	for	locu	heterogeneity.	A	total	of	63	famili	with	huntington	diseas	(hd)	were	examin	for	linkag	between	HD	and	G8	(d4s10).	the	famili	includ	57	caucasian,	four	black	american,	and	two	japanese.	the	combin	maximum	lod	score	wa	87.	69	at	theta	=	0.	04	(99%	confid	interv	0.	018-0.	071).	the	maximum	frequenc	of	recombin	wa	0.	03	in	male	and	0.	05	in	females.	fifty-seven	famili	gave	posit	lod	scores;	five	small	famili	gave	mildli	neg	lod	scores.	the	maximum	likelihood	estim	of	alpha,	the	proport	of	link	loci,	wa	1.	0	with	a	lower	99%	confid	interv	of	0.	88.	these	data	suggest	that	there	is	onli	one	HD	locus,	although	a	second	rare	locu	cannot	be	rule	out
3258663	homozyg	and	heterozyg	delet	of	the	von	willebrand	factor	gene	in	patient	and	carrier	of	sever	von	willebrand	disease.	sever	von	willebrand	diseas	is	character	by	undetect	or	trace	quantiti	of	von	willebrand	factor	in	plasma	and	tissu	stores.	We	have	studi	the	genom	dna	of	10	affect	individu	from	six	famili	with	thi	disord	use	probe	from	the	5	and	3	end	of	the	vwf	cdna	and	with	a	probe	extend	from	the	5	end	into	the	central	region.	southern	blot	of	restrict	endonucleas	digest	and	gene	dosag	analysi	measur	carri	out	with	quantit	slot	blot	of	undigest	genom	dna	separ	these	patient	into	three	groups.	the	first	group	consist	of	a	famili	with	complet	homozyg	delet	of	the	vwf	gene	in	the	four	probands.	gene	dosag	analysi	wa	consist	with	heterozyg	delet	in	both	of	the	asymptomat	parent	and	four	asymptomat	sibl	of	thi	kindr	(P	less	than	0.	01).	the	second	group	wa	compris	of	a	famili	in	which	there	wa	a	complet	heterozyg	delet	of	the	vwf	gene	in	the	proband	and	one	asymptomat	parent,	suggest	that	a	differ	type	of	genet	abnorm	wa	inherit	from	the	other	parent.	thus,	the	patient	appear	to	be	doubli	heterozyg	for	interact	genet	abnorm	affect	vwf	expression.	In	the	third	group,	no	gene	delet	could	be	detected.	alloantibodi	develop	onli	in	the	kindr	with	homozyg	deletions.	these	techniqu	should	prove	use	in	identifi	carrier	of	sever	von	willebrand	diseas	and	also	in	defin	patient	predict	at	risk	of	develop	alloantibodi	to	vwf
7795591	spectrum	of	germlin	mutat	in	the	rb1	gene:	a	studi	of	232	patient	with	hereditari	and	non	hereditari	retinoblastoma.	germlin	mutat	in	the	rb1	gene	confer	hereditari	predisposit	to	retinoblastoma.	We	have	perform	a	mutat	survey	of	the	rb1	gene	in	232	patient	with	hereditari	or	non	hereditari	retinoblastoma.	We	systemat	explor	all	27	exon	and	flank	sequenc	as	well	as	the	promotor.	all	type	of	point	mutat	are	repres	and	are	found	unequ	distribut	along	the	rb1	gene	sequence.	In	the	popul	we	studied,	exon	3,	8,	18	and	19	are	preferenti	altered.	the	rang	of	frequenc	of	detect	of	germlin	mutat	is	about	20%,	indic	that	other	mechan	of	inactiv	of	rb1	should	be	involved.	the	spectrum	of	mutat	present	here	should	help	to	improv	the	clinic	manag	of	retinoblastoma	and	to	understand	the	molecular	mechan	lead	to	tumorigenesis.
2773936	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease:	an	x-link	neurolog	disord	of	myelin	metabol	with	a	novel	mutat	in	the	gene	encod	proteolipid	protein.	the	nosolog	of	the	inborn	error	of	myelin	metabol	ha	been	stymi	by	the	lack	of	molecular	genet	analysis.	historically,	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	ha	encompass	a	host	of	neurolog	disord	that	present	with	a	deficit	of	myelin,	the	membran	elabor	by	glial	cell	that	encircl	and	success	enwrap	axons.	We	describ	here	a	pelizaeus-merzbach	pedigre	of	the	classic	type,	with	x-link	inheritance,	a	typic	clinic	progression,	and	a	patholog	loss	of	myelin	cell	and	myelin	in	the	central	nervou	system.	To	discrimin	variant	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease,	a	set	of	oligonucleotid	primer	wa	construct	to	polymerase-chain-react	(pcr)	amplifi	and	sequenc	the	gene	encod	proteolipid	protein	(plp),	a	structur	protein	that	compris	half	of	the	protein	of	the	myelin	sheath.	the	plp	gene	in	one	of	two	affect	male	and	the	carrier	mother	of	thi	famili	exhibit	a	singl	base	differ	in	the	more	than	2	kb	of	the	plp	gene	sequenced,	a	c----t	transit	that	would	creat	a	serin	substitut	for	prolin	at	the	carboxi	end	of	the	protein.	our	result	delin	the	clinic	featur	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease,	defin	the	possibl	molecular	patholog	of	thi	dysmyelin	disorder,	and	address	the	molecular	classif	of	inborn	error	of	myelin	metabolism.	patient	with	the	classic	form	(type	I)	and	the	more	sever	affected,	connat	variant	of	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(type	ii)	would	be	predict	to	display	mutat	at	the	plp	locus.	the	other	variant	(type	iii-vi),	which	have	sometim	been	categor	as	pelizaeus-merzbach	disease,	may	repres	mutat	in	gene	encod	other	structur	myelin	protein	or	protein	critic	to	myelination.
7874163	cag	expans	in	a	novel	gene	for	machado-joseph	diseas	at	chromosom	14q32.1.	We	have	identifi	a	novel	gene	contain	cag	repeat	and	map	it	to	chromosom	14q32.	1,	the	genet	locu	for	machado-joseph	diseas	(mjd).	In	normal	individu	the	gene	contain	between	13	and	36	cag	repeats,	wherea	most	of	the	clinic	diagnos	patient	and	all	of	the	affect	member	of	a	famili	with	the	clinic	and	patholog	diagnosi	of	mjd	show	expans	of	the	repeat-numb	(from	68-79).	southern	blot	analys	and	genom	clone	demonstr	the	exist	of	relat	genes.	these	result	rais	the	possibl	that	similar	abnorm	in	relat	gene	may	give	rise	to	diseas	similar	to	mjd
3659917	conserv	of	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	gene	in	mice	and	humans.	A	portion	of	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene	transcript	from	human	fetal	skelet	muscl	and	mous	adult	heart	wa	sequenced,	repres	approxim	25	percent	of	the	total,	14-kb	dmd	transcript.	the	nucleic	acid	and	predict	amino	acid	sequenc	from	the	two	speci	are	nearli	90	percent	homologous.	the	amino	acid	sequenc	that	is	predict	from	thi	portion	of	the	dmd	gene	indic	that	the	protein	product	might	serv	a	structur	role	in	muscle,	but	the	abund	and	tissu	distribut	of	the	messeng	rna	suggest	that	the	dmd	protein	is	not	nebulin.
2303408	defici	of	the	murin	fifth	complement	compon	(c5).	A	2-base	pair	gene	delet	in	a	5'-exon.	To	ascertain	the	molecular	mechan	that	caus	murin	C5	deficiency,	genom	and	cdna	librari	were	construct	from	mous	liver	dna	and	mrna	employ	the	congen	strain	b10.	d2/nsnj	and	b10.	d2/osnj	that	are	suffici	and	defici	for	c5,	respectively.	genom	fragment	were	isol	which	correspond	to	pvuii	and	hindiii	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	associ	with	C5	deficiency.	sequenc	analys	demonstr	that	each	of	these	polymorph	result	from	singl	base	pair	substitut	and	that	neither	substitut	would	probabl	caus	or	contribut	to	the	C5	deficiency.	sequenc	analys	of	C5	suffici	and	defici	cdna	reveal	a	2	base-pair	delet	in	the	defici	cdnas.	the	"	TA	"	delet	wa	locat	near	the	5	end	of	the	cdna.	thi	delet	shift	the	read	frame	of	the	C5	mrna	so	that	the	termin	codon	uga	is	present	4	base	pair	downstream	from	the	deletion.	genom	dna	wa	amplifi	and	sequenc	correspond	to	the	area	surround	the	2-base	pair	deletion.	six	c5-defici	strains,	a/hej,	akr/j,	dba/2j,	nzb/b1nj,	swr/j,	and	b10.	d2/osnj,	and	four	c5-suffici	strains,	balb/cj,	c57bl/6j,	dba/1j,	and	b10.	d2/nsnj,	were	analyzed.	the	sequenc	data	reveal	that	the	2	base	pair	were	delet	from	the	C5	gene	of	each	defici	mous	test	but	not	from	the	C5	gene	of	ani	suffici	mouse.	these	data	demonstr	that	1)	there	is	an	ident	2-base	pair	delet	in	an	exon	of	the	C5	gene	in	sever	differ	c5-defici	mous	strains;	2)	the	mrna	transcrib	from	the	c5d	gene	retain	thi	deletion;	and	3)	thi	mutat	should	result	in	C5	protein	defici
2241452	recurr	mening	in	a	patient	with	congenit	defici	of	the	C9	compon	of	complement.	first	case	of	C9	defici	in	europe.	We	describ	the	first	cases,	to	our	knowledge,	of	C9	defici	in	europ	that	were	detect	in	a	swiss	family,	of	which	two	members--on	with	a	complet	defici	and	the	other	with	approxim	half-norm	C9	levels--experienc	bacteri	meningitis.	the	index	patient,	a	56-year-old	white	man	with	a	histori	of	purul	mening	at	the	age	of	23	years,	present	with	an	acut	meningococc	meningitis.	No	impair	of	cellular	immun	or	immunoglobulin	defici	could	be	found.	complement	assay	show	a	complet	defici	of	the	C9	component,	while	the	other	individu	compon	level	were	normal	and	the	hemolyt	activ	(measur	use	the	ch50	assay)	wa	onli	slightli	reduced.	A	famili	studi	reveal	complet	C9	defici	in	the	patient	healthi	brother	and	half-norm	C9	concentr	in	hi	sister,	hi	son	(who	also	had	experienc	an	episod	of	bacteri	meningitis),	and	hi	niece,	consist	with	an	inherit	C9	deficiency.	thi	first	case	of	recurr	mening	in	a	white	patient	with	complet	C9	defici	suggest	that	thi	complement	defect	may	also	be	a	risk	factor	for	bacterial,	especi	neisserial,	infections.
6387532	bone	marrow	transplant	in	adrenoleukodystrophy.	An	allogen	bone	marrow	transplant	(bmt)	from	a	normal	hla	ident	sibl	donor	wa	perform	in	a	13-year-old	boy	with	rapidli	progress	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald).	engraft	and	complet	hematolog	recoveri	occur	within	4	weeks,	but	neurolog	deterior	continued.	the	patient	die	of	an	adenoviru	infect	141	day	after	bmt.	ald	is	character	by	abnorm	high	plasma	level	of	veri	long	chain	fatti	acid	(vlcfa)	as	a	result	of	impair	capac	to	degrad	them.	ten	day	after	bmt,	the	white	blood	cell	vlcfa	level	and	enzym	activ	becam	normal;	after	3	months,	there	wa	progress	reduct	of	plasma	vlcfa	to	level	onli	slightli	abov	normal.
7458742	increas	incid	of	cataract	in	male	subject	defici	in	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenase.	glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	in	rbc	wa	found	significantli	more	frequent	in	210	male	cataract	patient	than	in	672	control	subject	of	sardinian	origin.	the	frequenc	of	the	defici	wa	increasingli	higher	in	presenil	cataracts.	In	the	g6pd-defici	group,	the	incid	of	cortic	and	total	cataract	wa	also	increased.	It	is	suggest	that	decreas	of	the	g6pd	activ	in	the	lens,	which	accompani	it	defici	in	the	erythrocyte,	might	play	a	role	in	the	cataracto-genesi	of	these	patients.	moreover,	g6pd	defici	should	be	ad	to	other	conditions,	such	as	the	galactosem	state	and	riboflavin	deficiency,	where	cataract	repres	a	sensit	indic	of	metabol	abnorm	of	the	rbc.
2894613	von	hippel-lindau	diseas	map	to	the	region	of	chromosom	3	associ	with	renal	cell	carcinoma.	von	hippel-lindau	diseas	(vhl)	is	an	autosom	domin	disord	with	inherit	suscept	to	variou	form	of	cancer,	includ	hemangioblastoma	of	the	central	nervou	system,	phaeochromocytomas,	pancreat	malignancies,	and	renal	cell	carcinomas.	renal	cell	carcinoma	constitut	a	particularli	frequent	caus	of	death	in	thi	disorder,	occur	as	bilater	and	multifoc	tumours,	and	present	at	an	earlier	age	than	in	sporadic,	non-famili	case	of	thi	tumour	type.	We	report	here	that	the	vhl	gene	is	link	to	the	locu	encod	the	human	homologou	of	the	raf1	oncogene,	which	map	to	chromosom	3p25	(ref.	4).	crossov	with	the	vhl	locu	suggest	that	the	defect	respons	for	the	vhl	phenotyp	is	not	a	mutat	in	the	raf1	gene	itself.	An	altern	or	prior	event	to	oncogen	activ	in	tumour	format	may	be	the	inactiv	of	a	put	tumour	suppressor	which	can	be	associ	with	both	the	inherit	and	sporad	form	of	the	cancer.	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma	have	previous	been	associ	with	the	loss	of	region	on	chromosom	3p	(ref	5,	6).	consequently,	sporad	and	vhl-associ	form	of	renal	cell	carcinoma	might	both	result	from	alter	caus	loss	of	function	of	the	same	tumour	suppressor	gene	on	thi	chromosome.
2895982	tightli	link	flank	marker	for	the	low	oculocerebroren	syndrome,	with	applic	to	carrier	assessment.	the	low	oculocerebroren	syndrom	(ocrl)	is	character	by	congenit	cataract,	mental	retardation,	and	defect	renal	tubular	function.	A	map	assign	of	ocrl	to	xq24-q26	ha	been	made	previous	by	linkag	analysi	with	dxs42	at	xq24-q26	(theta	=	0,	z	=	5.	09)	and	with	dxs10	at	xq26	(theta	=	0,	z	=	6.	45).	two	addit	famili	were	studi	and	three	addit	polymorph	were	identifi	at	dxs42	by	use	a	35-kb	sequenc	isol	with	the	probe	detect	the	origin	polymorph	at	dxs42.	with	addit	ocrl	famili	made	inform	for	dxs42,	theta	remain	0	with	z	=	6.	63;	and	for	dxs10	theta	=	0.	03	and	z	=	7.	07.	evid	for	place	ocrl	at	xq25	also	come	from	a	femal	with	low	syndrom	and	an	X;	3	translocation.	We	have	use	the	xq25	breakpoint	in	thi	patient	to	determin	the	posit	of	ocrl	rel	to	the	two	link	markers.	each	deriv	chromosom	wa	isol	away	from	it	normal	counterpart	in	somat	cell	hybrids.	dxs42	wa	map	to	the	deriv	chromosom	X	contain	xpterq25,	and	dxs10	wa	map	to	the	deriv	chromosom	3	contain	xq25-qter.	the	marker	dxs10	and	dxs42	therefor	show	tight	linkag	with	ocrl	in	six	famili	and	flank	the	xq25	breakpoint	in	a	femal	patient	with	an	X;	3	translocation.	linkag	analysi	with	flank	marker	wa	use	to	assess	ocrl	carrier	statu	in	women	at	risk.	results,	when	compar	with	carrier	determin	by	ophthalmolog	examination,	indic	that	the	slit-lamp	exam	can	be	a	sensit	and	specif	method	of	carrier	determin	in	mani	case
10716718	abnorm	develop	of	purkinj	cell	and	lymphocyt	in	atm	mutant	mice.	motor	incoordination,	immun	deficiencies,	and	an	increas	risk	of	cancer	are	the	characterist	featur	of	the	hereditari	diseas	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t),	which	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	atm	gene.	through	gene	targeting,	we	have	gener	a	line	of	atm	mutant	mice,	atm	(y/y)	mice.	In	contrast	to	other	atm	mutant	mice,	atm	(y/y)	mice	show	a	lower	incid	of	thymic	lymphoma	and	surviv	beyond	a	few	month	of	age.	atm	(y/y)	mice	exhibit	deficit	in	motor	learn	indic	of	cerebellar	dysfunction.	even	though	we	found	no	gross	cerebellar	degener	in	older	atm	(y/y)	animals,	ectop	and	abnorm	differenti	purkinj	cell	were	appar	in	mutant	mice	of	all	ages.	these	find	establish	that	some	neuropatholog	abnorm	seen	in	a-t	patient	also	are	present	in	atm	mutant	mice.	In	addition,	we	report	a	previous	unrecogn	effect	of	atm	defici	on	develop	or	mainten	of	cd4	(+)	8	(+)	thymocytes.	We	discuss	these	find	in	the	context	of	the	hypothesi	that	abnorm	develop	of	purkinj	cell	and	lymphocyt	contribut	to	the	pathogenesi	of	a-t.
1303173	both	mutat	in	g6pd	A-	are	necessari	to	produc	the	g6pd	defici	phenotype.	the	high	preval	of	glucos	6-phosphat	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	in	african	popul	is	due	almost	entir	to	the	enzym	variant	a-,	which	differ	from	the	wild-typ	g6pd	B	by	two	amino	acid	replacements,	68	val--	>	met	and	126	asn--	>	asp.	the	non-defici	polymorph	variant	g6pd	A	contain	onli	the	mutat	126	asn--	>	asp.	the	frequenc	of	the	g6pd	A	and	of	the	g6pd	A-	gene	in	part	of	africa	are	both	about	0.	2.	the	68	val--	>	met	mutat	ha	not	been	found	in	a	B	background.	thi	could	be	becaus	the	68	val--	>	met	mutat	happen	to	aris	in	an	A	gene	in	the	first	instance,	or	becaus	the	68	val--	>	met	mutat	alon	is	not	suffici	to	caus	g6pd	deficiency.	We	have	approach	thi	question	by	produc	g6pd	B,	A,	a-,	and	g6pd	68	val--	>	met	in	a	bacteri	express	system	and	analys	their	biochem	properties.	with	each	singl	mutat	we	found	a	slight	decreas	in	both	the	specif	activ	and	the	yield	of	enzym	when	compar	to	g6pd	B.	when	both	mutat	were	introduc	together,	there	wa	a	roughli	addit	effect	on	specif	activity,	but	a	much	more	drastic	effect	on	enzym	yield	(4%	of	normal).	thi	synergist	effect	wa	also	demonstr	on	thermal	stability,	especi	at	low	nadp	concentrations.	compar	result	were	produc	when	the	replac	119	gln--	>	glu	wa	studi	instead	of	126	asn--	>	asp.	We	infer	that	the	coexist	of	the	two	mutat	is	respons	for	enzym	defici	in	g6pd	A-	becaus	they	act	synergist	in	caus	instabl	of	the	enzym
2253937	detect	of	98%	of	dmd/bmd	gene	delet	by	polymeras	chain	reaction.	We	describ	oligonucleotid	primer	sequenc	that	can	be	use	to	amplifi	eight	exon	plu	the	muscl	promot	of	the	dystrophin	gene	in	a	singl	multiplex	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr).	when	use	in	conjunct	with	an	exist	primer	set,	these	two	multiplex	reaction	detect	about	98%	of	delet	in	patient	with	duchenn	or	becker	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd,	bmd).	furthermore,	these	primer	amplifi	most	of	the	exon	in	the	delet	prone	"	hot	spot	"	region	around	exon	44	to	53,	allow	determin	of	delet	endpoint	and	predict	of	mutat	effect	on	the	translat	read	frame.	thus,	use	of	these	pcr-base	assay	will	allow	delet	detect	and	prenat	diagnosi	for	most	dmd/bmd	patient	in	a	fraction	of	the	time	requir	for	southern	blot	analysis.
2591962	recombin	event	that	locat	myoton	dystrophi	distal	to	apoc2	on	19q.	We	previous	report	a	recombin	in	an	individu	with	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	which	place	the	marker	d19s19	and	apoc2	on	the	same	side	of	the	DM	locus.	haplotyp	of	thi	famili	with	more	recent	character	probe	which	are	either	tightli	link	to	DM	or	distal	to	the	linkag	group	at	q13.	2	show	that	the	DM	locu	is	distal	to	apoc2.	thi	is	confirm	by	other	recombin	where	DM	segreg	with	distal	probes.	addit	marker	to	marker	recombin	in	unaffect	individu	are	report	and	support	the	order	and	orient	of	the	DM	linkag	group	as	pter-	(insr,	ldlr,	s9)	-	(s19,	bcl3,	apoc2)	-	(ckmm,	dm)	-	(s22,	+	+	+	prkcg)	-qter.	the	data	present	here	cannot	determin	whether	DM	is	proxim	or	distal	to	ckmm.	the	consequ	of	thi	probe	order	for	antenat	diagnosi	and	futur	research	aim	to	isol	the	gene	which	is	affect	in	DM	are	discuss
10425038	new	mutations,	polymorphisms,	and	rare	variant	in	the	atm	gene	detect	by	a	novel	sscp	strategy.	the	gene	for	ataxia-telangiectasia,	atm,	span	about	150	kb	of	genom	dna.	atm	mutat	are	found	along	the	entir	gene,	with	no	evid	of	a	mutat	hot	spot.	use	dna	as	the	start	material,	we	screen	the	atm	gene	in	92	a-t	patients,	use	an	optim	single-strand	conform	polymorph	(sscp)	techniqu	that	detect	all	previous	known	mutat	in	the	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)	segment	be	analyzed.	To	expedit	screening,	we	sequenti	load	the	sscp	gel	with	three	differ	set	of	pcr	product	that	were	pretest	to	avoid	overlap	patterns.	mani	of	the	dna	chang	we	detect	were	intragen	polymorphisms.	Of	an	expect	177	unknown	mutations,	we	detect	approxim	70%,	mostli	protein	truncat	mutat	(that	would	have	been	detect	by	protein	truncat	test	if	rna	start	materi	had	been	available).	mutat	have	now	been	defin	for	everi	exon	of	the	atm	gene.	herein,	we	present	35	new	mutat	and	34	new	intragen	polymorph	or	rare	variant	within	the	atm	gene.	thi	is	the	most	comprehens	compil	of	atm	polymorph	assembl	to	date.	defin	polymorph	site	as	well	as	mutat	in	the	atm	gene	will	be	of	great	import	in	design	autom	method	for	detect	mutations.
10417280	chromosom	breakag	in	the	prader-willi	and	angelman	syndrom	involv	recombin	between	large,	transcrib	repeat	at	proxim	and	distal	breakpoints.	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	and	angelman	syndrom	(as)	are	distinct	neurobehavior	disord	that	most	often	aris	from	a	4-mb	delet	of	chromosom	15q11-q13	dure	patern	or	matern	gametogenesis,	respectively.	At	a	de	novo	frequenc	of	approximately.	67-1/10,	000	births,	these	delet	repres	a	common	structur	chromosom	chang	in	the	human	genome.	To	elucid	the	mechan	underli	these	events,	we	character	the	region	that	contain	two	proxim	breakpoint	cluster	and	a	distal	cluster.	novel	dna	sequenc	potenti	associ	with	the	breakpoint	were	posit	clone	from	yac	within	or	near	these	regions.	analys	of	rodent-human	somatic-cel	hybrids,	yac	contigs,	and	fish	of	normal	or	rearrang	chromosom	15	identifi	duplic	sequenc	(the	end	repeats)	at	or	near	the	breakpoints.	the	end-repeat	unit	are	deriv	from	larg	genom	duplic	of	a	novel	gene	(herc2),	mani	copi	of	which	are	transcript	activ	in	germlin	tissues.	one	of	five	pws/a	patient	analyz	to	date	ha	an	identifiable,	rearrang	herc2	transcript	deriv	from	the	delet	event.	We	postul	that	the	end	repeat	flank	15q11-q13	mediat	homolog	recombin	result	in	deletion.	furthermore,	we	propos	that	activ	transcript	of	these	repeat	in	male	and	femal	germ	cell	may	facilit	the	homolog	recombin	process
8530105	A	4-megabas	yac	contig	that	span	the	langer-giedion	syndrom	region	on	human	chromosom	8q24.1:	use	in	refin	the	locat	of	the	trichorhinophalang	syndrom	and	multipl	exostos	gene	(trps1	and	ext1).	We	have	construct	a	physic	map	cover	over	4	Mb	of	human	chromosom	8q24.	1	and	use	thi	map	to	refin	the	locat	of	the	gene	respons	for	langer-giedion	syndrome.	the	map	is	compos	of	overlap	yac	clone	that	were	identifi	and	order	in	relat	to	sequenc	tag	site	map	to	the	langer-giedion	chromosom	region	on	somat	cell	hybrids.	the	minim	region	of	overlap	of	langer-giedion	syndrom	deletions,	previous	identifi	by	analysi	of	15	patients,	wa	place	on	the	map	by	analysi	of	2	patient	whose	delet	defin	the	endpoints.	the	chromosom	8	breakpoint	of	a	balanc	t	(8;	9)	(q24.	11;	q33.	3)	transloc	from	a	patient	with	trichorhinophalang	syndrom	(trp	I)	wa	found	to	be	locat	just	within	the	proxim	end	of	the	minim	delet	region.	A	delet	of	8q24.	11-q24.	3	in	a	patient	with	multipl	exostos	wa	found	to	overlap	the	distal	end	of	the	lg	delet	region,	indic	that	the	ext1	gene	is	distal	to	the	trps1	gene	and	support	the	hypothesi	that	langer-giedion	syndrom	is	due	to	loss	of	function	copi	of	both	the	trps1	and	the	ext1	gene
8401501	genet	map	of	the	breast-ovarian	cancer	syndrom	to	a	small	interv	on	chromosom	17q12-21:	exclus	of	candid	gene	edh17b2	and	rara.	A	suscept	gene	for	hereditari	breast-ovarian	cancer,	brca1,	ha	been	assign	by	linkag	analysi	to	chromosom	17q21.	candid	gene	in	thi	region	includ	edh17b2,	which	encod	estradiol	17	beta-hydroxysteroid	dehydrogenas	II	(17	beta-hsd	ii),	and	rara,	the	gene	for	retino	acid	receptor	alpha.	We	have	type	22	breast	and	breast-ovarian	cancer	famili	with	eight	polymorph	from	the	chromosom	17q12-21	region,	includ	two	in	the	edh17b2	gene.	genet	recombin	with	the	breast	cancer	trait	exclud	rara	from	further	consider	as	a	candid	gene	for	brca1.	both	brca1	and	edh17b2	map	to	a	6	cM	interv	(between	thra1	and	d17s579)	and	no	recombin	wa	observ	between	the	two	genes.	however,	direct	sequenc	of	overlap	pcr	product	contain	the	entir	edh17b2	gene	in	four	unrel	affect	women	did	not	uncov	ani	sequenc	variation,	other	than	previous	describ	polymorphisms.	mutat	in	the	edh17b2	gene,	therefor	do	not	appear	to	be	respons	for	the	hereditari	breast-ovarian	cancer	syndrome.	singl	meiotic	crossov	in	affect	women	suggest	that	brca1	is	flank	by	the	loci	rara	and	d17s78.
313733	hereditari	C2	defici	associ	with	common	variabl	immunodeficiency.	homozyg	C2	defici	in	a	19-year-old	boy	wa	associ	with	variabl	immunodefici	manifest	by	mark	hypoimmunoglobulinemia	and	impair	antibodi	responses,	normal	circul	B	lymphocytes,	and	subnorm	t-cell	functions.	neither	antilymphocyt	autoantibodi	nor	chromosom	abnorm	were	found.	serum	immunoglobulin	level	were	within	normal	limit	in	hi	parent	and	brother	who	were	heterozyg	for	C2	deficiency.	the	patient	lymphocyt	were	homozyg	at	the	hla-d	locu	but	express	an	antigen	differ	from	dw2.
3012567	isol	of	molecular	probe	associ	with	the	chromosom	15	instabl	in	the	prader-willi	syndrome.	flow	cytometri	and	recombin	dna	techniqu	have	been	use	to	obtain	reagent	for	a	molecular	analysi	of	the	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	hindiii	total-digest	librari	were	prepar	in	lambda	phage	charon	21a	from	flow-sort	invert	duplic	no.	15	human	chromosom	and	propag	on	recombination-profici	(le392)	and	recbc-,	sbcb-	(db1257)	bacteria.	twelv	distinct	chromosom	15-specif	probe	have	been	isolated.	eight	local	to	the	region	15q11----13.	four	of	these	eight	subloc	to	band	15q11.	2	and	are	shown	to	be	delet	in	dna	of	one	of	two	patient	examin	with	the	pws.	heteroduplex	analysi	of	two	of	these	clones,	which	grew	on	db1257	but	not	on	le392,	reveal	stem-loop	structur	in	the	inserts,	indic	of	inverted,	repeat	dna	elements.	such	dna	repeat	might	account	for	some	of	the	clone	instabl	of	dna	segment	from	proxim	15q.	analysi	of	the	genet	and	physic	instabl	associ	with	the	repeat	sequenc	we	have	isol	from	band	15q11.	2	may	elucid	the	molecular	basi	for	the	instabl	of	thi	chromosom	region	in	patient	with	the	pw	or	other	diseas	associ	with	chromosom	abnorm	in	the	proxim	long	arm	of	human	chromosom	1
7543316	myoton	dystrophy:	evid	for	a	possibl	dominant-neg	rna	mutation.	the	trinucleotid	expans	mutat	caus	myoton	dystrophi	is	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	a	protein	kinas	gene.	the	molecular	mechan	by	which	the	expand	repeat	caus	the	clinic	variabl	and	multisystem	disease,	myoton	dystrophy,	are	not	understood.	It	ha	been	particularli	difficult	to	ration	the	domin	inherit	with	the	fact	that	the	expans	mutat	lie	outsid	of	the	protein-encod	gene	elements,	and	should	not	be	translat	into	protein.	here	we	use	muscl	biopsi	from	classic	adult-onset	myoton	dystrophi	patient	to	studi	the	accumul	of	transcript	from	both	the	normal	and	expand	DM	kinas	gene	in	patient	muscle,	and	compar	the	result	to	normal	and	myopath	controls.	We	found	rel	small	decreas	of	DM	kinas	rna	in	the	total	rna	pool	from	muscle;	however,	these	reduct	were	not	diseas	specific.	analysi	of	poli	(a)	+	rna	show	dramat	decreas	of	both	the	mutant	and	normal	DM	kinas	rnas,	and	these	chang	were	disease-specific.	our	find	are	consist	with	a	novel	molecular	pathogenet	mechan	for	myoton	dystrophi	both	the	normal	and	expand	DM	kinas	gene	are	transcrib	in	patient	muscle,	but	the	abnorm	expansion-contain	rna	ha	a	domin	effect	on	rna	metabol	by	prevent	the	accumul	of	poli	(a)	+	rna.	the	abil	of	the	expans	mutat	to	alter	accumul	of	poli	(a)	+	rna	in	tran	suggest	that	myoton	dystrophi	may	be	the	first	exampl	of	a	dominant-neg	mutat	manifest	at	the	rna	level.
8004674	isol	of	the	gene	for	mcleod	syndrom	that	encod	a	novel	membran	transport	protein.	mcleod	syndrom	is	an	x-link	multisystem	disord	character	by	abnorm	in	the	neuromuscular	and	hematopoiet	systems.	We	have	assembl	a	cosmid	contig	of	360	kb	that	encompass	the	mcleod	gene	locus.	A	50	kb	delet	wa	detect	by	screen	dna	from	patient	with	radiolabel	whole	cosmids,	and	two	transcript	unit	were	identifi	within	thi	deletion.	the	mrna	express	pattern	of	one	of	them,	design	as	xk,	correl	close	to	the	mcleod	phenotype.	XK	encod	a	novel	protein	with	structur	characterist	of	prokaryot	and	eukaryot	membran	transport	proteins.	nucleotid	sequenc	analysi	of	XK	from	two	unrel	mcleod	patient	ha	identifi	point	mutat	at	conserv	splice	donor	and	acceptor	sites.	these	find	provid	direct	evid	that	XK	is	respons	for	mcleod	syndrome.
10790204	molecular	basi	of	veri	long	chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	defici	in	three	isra	patients:	identif	of	a	complex	mutant	allel	with	p65l	and	k247q	mutations,	the	former	be	an	exon	mutat	caus	exon	3	skipping.	veri	long	chain	acyl-coa	dehydrogenas	(vlcad)	defici	is	a	life-threaten	disord	of	mitochondri	fatti	acid	beta-oxidation.	We	identifi	four	novel	mutat	in	three	unrel	patients.	all	patient	had	the	sever	childhood	form	of	vlcad	defici	with	earli	onset	and	high	mortality.	immunoblot	analysi	reveal	that	vlcad	protein	wa	undetect	in	patient	2	and	3,	wherea	normal-s	vlcad	protein	and	an	aberr	form	of	vlcad	(4kda	smaller)	were	detect	in	patient	1.	As	expected,	null	mutat	were	found	in	patient	2	and	3	patient	2	is	homozyg	for	a	frameshift	mutation,	del	4	bp	at	798-801,	and	patient	3	is	homozyg	for	a	nonsens	mutat	65c	>	A	(s22x).	patient	1	wa	homozyg	for	a	complex	mutant	allel	contain	two	alterations,	includ	a	194c	>	T	transit	(p65l)	and	739a	>	C	transvers	(k247q);	in	the	case	of	p65l,	the	amino	acid	chang	doe	not	reduc	enzym	activity.	however,	the	nucleotid	chang	result	in	exon	3	skipping,	wherea	the	latter	k247q	mutat	had	a	drastic	effect	on	enzym	activity.	We	verifi	these	event	by	in	vivo	splice	experi	and	transient	express	analysi	of	mutant	cdnas.	the	p65l	mutat	locat	11	base	upstream	of	a	splice	donor	site	of	intron	3.	thi	is	an	exampl	of	an	exon	mutat	which	affect	exon-splicing.
10932179	amino-termin	fragment	of	mutant	huntingtin	show	select	accumul	in	striatal	neuron	and	synapt	toxicity.	huntington	diseas	(hd)	is	caus	by	expans	of	a	glutamin	repeat	in	the	amino-termin	region	of	huntingtin.	despit	it	widespread	expression,	mutant	huntingtin	induc	select	neuron	loss	in	striatal	neurons.	here	we	report	that,	in	mutant	mice	express	HD	repeats,	the	product	and	aggreg	of	n-termin	huntingtin	fragment	preferenti	occur	in	hd-affect	neuron	and	their	process	and	axon	terminals.	n-termin	fragment	of	mutant	huntingtin	form	aggreg	and	induc	neurit	degener	in	cultur	striatal	neurons.	n-termin	mutant	huntingtin	also	bind	to	synapt	vesicl	and	inhibit	their	glutam	uptak	in	vitro.	the	specif	process	and	accumul	of	toxic	fragment	of	n-termin	huntingtin	in	hd-affect	striatal	neurons,	especi	in	their	neuron	process	and	axon	terminals,	may	contribut	to	the	select	neuropatholog	of	hd.
8240110	phenotyp	variat	includ	retin	pigmentosa,	pattern	dystrophy,	and	fundu	flavimaculatu	in	a	singl	famili	with	a	delet	of	codon	153	or	154	of	the	peripherin/rd	gene.	background	and	object	mutat	of	the	peripherin/rd	gene	have	been	report	in	autosom	domin	retin	pigmentosa,	pattern	macular	dystrophy,	and	retin	punctata	albescens.	We	report	herein	the	occurr	of	three	separ	phenotyp	within	a	singl	famili	with	a	novel	3-base	pair	delet	of	codon	153	or	154	of	the	peripherin/rd	gene.	design	case	report	with	clinic	features,	fluorescein	angiography,	kinet	perimetry,	electrophysiolog	studies,	and	molecular	genetics.	set	univers	medic	centers.	patient	A	75-year-old	woman,	her	two	daughter	(age	44	and	50	years),	and	her	49-year-old	son	were	screen	for	peripherin/rd	mutat	becaus	of	the	presenc	of	multipl	phenotyp	within	the	same	family.	result	the	mother	present	at	age	63	year	with	a	profoundli	abnorm	electroretinogram	(erg)	and	adult-onset	retin	pigmentosa	that	progress	dramat	over	12	years,	with	mark	loss	of	peripher	visual	field.	one	daughter	develop	pattern	macular	dystrophi	at	age	31	years.	At	age	44	years,	her	erg	wa	moder	abnorm	but	her	clinic	diseas	wa	limit	to	the	macula.	anoth	daughter	present	at	age	42	year	with	macular	degener	and	over	10	year	develop	the	clinic	pictur	of	fundu	flavimaculatus.	her	peripher	visual	field	wa	preserv	but	her	erg	wa	moder	abnormal.	the	son	had	onset	of	macular	degener	at	age	44	years.	pericentr	scotoma	were	present	and	the	erg	wa	markedli	abnormal.	fluorescein	angiographi	reveal	punctat	pigment	epitheli	transmiss	defects.	conclus	A	3-base	pair	delet	of	codon	153	or	154	of	the	peripherin/rd	gene	can	produc	clinic	dispar	phenotyp	even	within	the	same	family.
10441571	missens	mutat	in	the	altern	splice	region	of	the	pax6	gene	in	eye	anomalies.	the	pax6	gene	is	involv	in	ocular	morphogenesis,	and	pax6	mutat	have	been	detect	in	variou	type	of	ocular	anomalies,	includ	aniridia,	peter	anomaly,	corneal	dystrophy,	congenit	cataract,	and	foveal	hypoplasia.	the	gene	encod	a	transcript	regul	that	recogn	target	gene	through	it	paired-typ	dna-bind	domain.	the	pair	domain	is	compos	of	two	distinct	dna-bind	subdomains,	the	n-termin	subdomain	(nts)	and	the	c-termin	subdomain	(cts),	which	bind	respect	consensu	dna	sequences.	the	human	pax6	gene	produc	two	altern	splice	isoform	that	have	the	distinct	structur	of	the	pair	domain.	the	insertion,	into	the	nts,	of	14	addit	amino	acid	encod	by	exon	5a	abolish	the	dna-bind	activ	of	the	nt	and	unmask	the	dna-bind	abil	of	the	cts.	thus,	exon	5a	appear	to	function	as	a	molecular	switch	that	specifi	target	genes.	We	ascertain	a	novel	missens	mutat	in	four	pedigre	with	peter	anomaly,	congenit	cataract,	axenfeldt	anomaly,	and/or	foveal	hypoplasia,	which,	to	our	knowledge,	is	the	first	mutat	identifi	in	the	splice-vari	region.	A	t--	>	A	transit	at	the	20th	nucleotid	posit	of	exon	5a	result	in	a	val--	>	asp	(gtc--	>	gac)	substitut	at	the	7th	codon	of	the	altern	splice	region.	function	analys	demonstr	that	the	v54d	mutat	slightli	increas	nt	bind	and	decreas	ct	transactiv	activ	to	almost	half.
1673289	A	detail	multipoint	map	of	human	chromosom	4	provid	evid	for	linkag	heterogen	and	position-specif	recombin	rates.	util	the	ceph	refer	panel	and	genotyp	data	for	53	markers,	we	have	construct	a	20-locu	multipoint	genet	map	of	human	chromosom	4.	new	rflp	are	report	for	four	loci.	the	map	integr	a	high-resolut	genet	map	of	4p16	into	a	continu	map	extend	to	4q31	and	an	unlink	cluster	of	three	loci	at	4q35.	the	20	link	marker	form	a	continu	linkag	group	of	152	cM	in	male	and	202	cM	in	females.	like	genet	locat	are	provid	for	25	polymorph	anonym	sequenc	and	28	gene-specif	rflps.	the	map	wa	construct	employ	the	linkag	and	crimap	comput	methodolog	to	build	the	multipoint	map	via	a	stepwis	algorithm.	A	detail	10-point	map	of	the	4p16	region	construct	from	the	ceph	panel	provid	evid	for	heterogen	in	the	linkag	map	construct	from	famili	segreg	for	huntington	diseas	(hd).	It	addit	provid	evid	for	position-specif	recombin	frequenc	in	the	telomer	region	of	4p.
8566965	the	murin	homolog	of	the	human	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene	brca1	map	to	mous	chromosom	11d.	the	recent	clone	human	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene,	brca1,	is	locat	on	human	chromosom	17q21.	We	have	isol	murin	genom	clone	contain	brca1	as	a	first	step	in	gener	a	mous	model	for	the	loss	of	brca1	function.	A	mous	genom	librari	wa	screen	use	probe	correspond	to	exon	11	of	the	human	brca1	gene.	two	overlap	mous	clone	were	identifi	that	hybrid	to	human	brca1	exon	9-12.	sequenc	analysi	of	1.	4	kb	of	the	region	of	these	clone	correspond	to	part	of	human	exon	11	reveal	72%	nucleic	acid	ident	but	onli	50%	amino	acid	ident	with	the	human	gene.	the	longest	of	the	mous	brca1	genom	clone	map	to	chromosom	11d,	as	determin	by	two-color	fluoresc	in	situ	hybridization.	the	synteni	to	human	chromosom	17	wa	confirm	by	cohybrid	with	the	mous	probe	for	the	nf1-gene.	thi	compar	studi	confirm	that	the	rel	locat	of	the	brca1	gene	ha	been	conserv	between	mice	and	human
8101038	high	residu	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	activ	in	a	patient	with	late-infantil	metachromat	leukodystrophy.	We	identifi	a	patient	suffer	from	late-infantil	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld)	who	ha	a	residu	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	activ	of	about	10%.	fibroblast	of	the	patient	show	signific	sulfatid	degrad	activ	exceed	that	of	adult	mld	patients.	analysi	of	the	arsa	gene	in	thi	patient	reveal	heterozygos	for	two	new	mutant	allel	in	one	allele,	delet	of	C	447	in	exon	2	lead	to	a	frameshift	and	to	a	prematur	stop	codon	at	amino	acid	posit	105;	in	the	second	allele,	a	g--	>	A	transit	in	exon	5	caus	a	gly309--	>	ser	substitution.	transient	express	of	the	mutant	ser309-arsa	result	in	onli	13%	enzym	activ	of	that	observ	in	cell	express	normal	arsa.	the	mutant	arsa	is	correctli	target	to	the	lysosom	but	is	unstable.	these	find	are	in	contrast	to	previou	result	show	that	the	late-infantil	type	of	mld	is	alway	associ	with	the	complet	absenc	of	arsa	activity.	the	express	of	the	mutant	arsa	protein	may	be	influenc	by	particular	featur	of	oligodendrocytes,	such	that	the	level	of	mutant	enzym	is	lower	in	these	cell	than	in	others.
10802660	De	novo	delet	of	snrpn	exon	1	in	earli	human	and	mous	embryo	result	in	a	patern	to	matern	imprint	switch.	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws)	is	a	neurogenet	diseas	character	by	infantil	hypotonia,	gonad	hypoplasia,	obsess	behaviour	and	neonat	feed	difficulti	follow	by	hyperphagia,	lead	to	profound	obesity.	pw	is	due	to	a	lack	of	patern	genet	inform	at	15q11-q13	(ref.	2).	five	imprinted,	patern	express	gene	map	to	the	pw	region,	mkrn3	(ref.	3),	ndn	(ref.	4),	ndnl1	(ref.	5),	snrpn	(ref	6-8)	and	ipw	(ref.	9),	as	well	as	two	poorli	character	frament	design	par-1	and	par-5	(ref.	10).	imprint	of	thi	region	involv	a	bipartit	imprint	centr	(ic),	which	overlap	snrpn	(ref	10,	11).	delet	of	the	snrpn	promoter/exon	1	region	(the	pw	IC	element)	appear	to	impair	the	establish	of	the	patern	imprint	in	the	male	germ	line	and	lead	to	pws.	here	we	report	a	pw	famili	in	which	the	father	is	mosaic	for	an	IC	delet	on	hi	patern	chromosome.	the	delet	chromosom	ha	acquir	a	matern	methyl	imprint	in	hi	somat	cells.	We	have	made	ident	find	in	chimaer	mice	gener	from	two	independ	embryon	stem	(es)	cell	line	harbour	a	similar	deletion.	our	studi	demonstr	that	the	pw	IC	element	is	not	onli	requir	for	the	establish	of	the	patern	imprint,	but	also	for	it	postzygot	maintenance.
1897530	molecular	character	of	two	galactosemia	mutations:	correl	of	mutat	with	highli	conserv	domain	in	galactose-1-phosph	uridyl	transferase.	galactosemia	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	of	human	galactos	metabol	caus	by	defici	of	the	enzym	galactose-1-phosph	uridyl	transferas	(galt).	the	molecular	basi	of	thi	disord	is	at	present	not	well	understood.	We	report	here	two	missens	mutat	which	result	in	low	or	undetect	enzymat	activity.	first,	we	identifi	at	nucleotid	591	a	transit	which	substitut	glutamin	188	by	arginine.	the	mutat	glutamin	is	not	onli	highli	conserv	in	evolut	(conserv	also	in	escherichia	coli	and	saccharomyc	cerevisiae),	but	is	also	two	amino	acid	residu	downstream	from	the	activ	site	histidine-proline-histidin	triad	and	result	in	about	10%	of	normal	enzymat	activity.	the	arginin	188	mutat	is	the	most	common	galactosemia	mutat	character	to	date.	It	account	for	one-fourth	of	the	galactosemia	allel	studied.	second,	we	report	the	substitut	of	arginin	333	by	tryptophan,	caus	by	a	transit	at	nucleotid	1025.	the	area	surround	thi	missens	mutat	is	the	most	highli	conserv	domain	in	the	homolog	enzym	from	E.	coli,	yeast,	and	humans,	and	thi	mutat	result	in	undetect	enzymat	activity,	suggest	that	thi	is	a	sever	mutation.	thi	second	mutat	appear	to	be	rare,	sinc	it	wa	found	onli	in	the	patient	we	sequenced.	our	data	provid	further	evid	for	the	heterogen	of	galactosemia	at	the	molecular	level,	heterogen	which	might	be	relat	to	the	variabl	clinic	outcom	observ	in	thi	disorder.
10078732	neurophysiolog	follow-up	of	long-term	dietari	treatment	in	adult-onset	adrenoleukodystrophy.	object	To	monitor	the	effect	of	dietari	treatment	in	adult-onset	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	by	mean	of	somatosensori	evok	potenti	(seps)	and	motor	evok	potenti	(meps).	background	sep	and	mep	have	prove	use	in	reveal	sign	of	progress	severe,	central	dying-back	axonopathi	in	earli	stage	of	adult-onset	ald.	method	eight	patient	with	adult-onset	ald	underw	clinic	examination,	brain	and	spine	mri,	and	sep	and	mep	studi	befor	and	after	3	year	of	lorenzo	oil	dietari	therapy.	result	befor	treatment,	brain	mri	wa	normal	in	five	patients.	three	of	these	patient	had	pure	spinal	sep	abnorm	and	in	the	remain	two	patient	sep	show	sign	of	involv	of	both	the	spinal	and	cerebr	somatosensori	tracts.	after	treatment,	the	three	patient	with	pure	spinal	abnorm	show	clinic	and	neurophysiolog	worsening,	wherea	the	two	patient	with	a	more	advanc	stage	of	diseas	(exhibit	by	seps)	show	substanti	unchang	clinic	and	neurophysiolog	features.	the	patient	with	abnorm	brain	mri	at	the	onset	of	treatment	show	clinic	and	neurophysiolog	worsening.	conclus	lorenzo	oil	therapi	had	no	effect	on	patient	with	evid	of	inflammatori	brain	lesions.	moreover,	in	patient	without	clear	sign	of	inflammatori	damage,	thi	treatment	doe	not	modifi	significantli	the	natur	cours	of	the	disease.	however,	becaus	effect	treatment	should	begin	befor	the	onset	of	sever	neurolog	symptoms,	sep	and	mep	should	be	consid	to	evalu	the	effect	of	other	experiment	treatment	in	the	patient	with	a	neg	brain	mri
10577908	the	molecular	basi	of	sjogren-larsson	syndrome:	mutat	analysi	of	the	fatti	aldehyd	dehydrogenas	gene.	sjogren-larsson	syndrom	(sls)	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	character	by	ichthyosis,	mental	retardation,	spasticity,	and	defici	activ	of	fatti	aldehyd	dehydrogenas	(faldh).	To	defin	the	molecular	defect	caus	sls,	we	perform	mutat	analysi	of	the	faldh	gene	in	proband	from	63	kindr	with	sls.	among	these	patients,	49	differ	mutations-includ	10	deletions,	2	insertions,	22	amino	acid	substitutions,	3	nonsens	mutations,	9	splice-sit	defects,	and	3	complex	mutations-wer	found.	all	of	the	patient	with	sl	were	found	to	carri	mutations.	nineteen	of	the	missens	mutat	result	in	a	sever	reduct	of	faldh	enzym	catalyt	activ	when	express	in	mammalian	cells,	but	one	mutat	(798g--	>	C	[k266n])	seem	to	have	a	greater	effect	on	mrna	stability.	the	splice-sit	mutat	led	to	exon	skip	or	util	of	cryptic	acceptor-splic	sites.	thirty-seven	mutat	were	private,	and	12	mutat	were	seen	in	two	or	more	proband	of	european	or	middl	eastern	descent.	four	single-nucleotid	polymorph	(snps)	were	found	in	the	faldh	gene.	At	least	four	of	the	common	mutat	(551c--	>	T,	682c--	>	T,	733g--	>	A,	and	798	+	1delg)	were	associ	with	multipl	snp	haplotypes,	suggest	that	these	mutat	origin	independ	on	more	than	one	occas	or	were	ancient	sl	gene	that	had	undergon	intragen	recombination.	our	result	demonstr	that	sl	is	caus	by	a	strikingli	heterogen	group	of	mutat	in	the	faldh	gene	and	provid	a	framework	for	understand	the	genet	basi	of	sl	and	the	develop	of	dna-bas	diagnost	tests.
7055648	severe-glucose-6-phosph	dehydrogenas	(g6pd)	defici	associ	with	chronic	hemolyt	anemia,	granulocyt	dysfunction,	and	increas	suscept	to	infections:	descript	of	a	new	molecular	variant	(g6pd	barcelona).	molecular,	kinetic,	and	function	studi	were	carri	out	on	erythrocyt	and	leukocyt	in	a	spanish	male	with	g6pd	deficiency,	congenit	nonspherocyt	hemolyt	anemia	(cnsha),	and	increas	suscept	to	infections.	g6pd	activ	wa	absent	in	patient	red	cell	and	wa	about	2%	of	normal	in	leukocytes.	molecular	studi	use	standard	method	(who,	1967)	show	g6pd	in	the	patient	to	have	a	slightli	fast	electrophoret	mobil	at	pH	8.	0	with	otherwis	normal	properti	(heat	stabil	at	46	degre	C,	appar	affin	for	substrates,	optimum	ph,	and	util	of	substrat	analogues).	other	test	show	the	patient	granulocyt	to	engulf	latex	particl	normally,	but	to	have	impair	reduct	of	nitroblu	tetrazolium	and	ferricytochrome-c	as	well	as	reduc	iodination.	chemotaxi	and	random	migrat	of	the	patient	granulocyt	were	normal	as	were	myeloperoxidase,	leukocyt	alkalin	phosphatas	(lap),	and	ultrastructur	features.	the	molecular	characterist	of	g6pd	in	the	patient	differ	from	those	of	all	previous	report	variant	associ	with	cnsha,	so	the	present	variant	wa	provision	call	g6pd	barcelona	to	distinguish	it	from	other	g6pd	variant	previous	described.	possibl	mechan	for	the	sever	defici	of	g6pd	in	erythrocyt	and	granulocyt	wa	investig	by	studi	on	the	immunolog	specif	activ	of	the	mutant	enzym
8162071	mutat	at	the	pax6	locu	are	found	in	heterogen	anterior	segment	malform	includ	peters'	anomaly.	mutat	or	delet	of	the	pax6	gene	underli	mani	case	of	aniridia.	three	line	of	evid	now	converg	to	implic	pax6	more	wide	in	anterior	segment	malform	includ	peter	anomaly.	first,	a	child	with	peter	anomali	is	delet	for	one	copi	of	pax6.	second,	affect	member	of	a	famili	with	dominantli	inherit	anterior	segment	malformations,	includ	peter	anomali	are	heterozyg	for	an	r26g	mutat	in	the	pax6	pair	box.	third,	a	proport	of	sey/+	smalley	mice,	heterozyg	for	a	nonsens	mutat	in	murin	pax-6,	have	an	ocular	phenotyp	resembl	peter	anomaly.	We	therefor	propos	that	a	varieti	of	anterior	segment	anomali	may	be	associ	with	pax6	mutations.
10364525	In	swedish	famili	with	hereditari	prostat	cancer,	linkag	to	the	hpc1	locu	on	chromosom	1q24-25	is	restrict	to	famili	with	early-onset	prostat	cancer.	prostat	cancer	cluster	in	some	families,	and	an	estim	5%	-10%	of	all	case	are	estim	to	result	from	inherit	of	prostat	cancer-suscept	genes.	We	previous	report	evid	of	linkag	to	the	1q24-25	region	(hpc1)	in	91	north	american	and	swedish	famili	each	with	multipl	case	of	prostat	cancer	(smith	et	al.	1996).	In	the	present	report	we	analyz	40	(12	origin	and	28	newli	identified)	swedish	famili	with	hereditari	prostat	cancer	(hpc)	that,	on	the	basi	of	40	marker	span	a	25-cm	interv	within	1q24-25,	have	evid	of	linkage.	In	the	complet	set	of	families,	a	maximum	two-point	lod	score	of	1.	10	wa	observ	at	d1s413	(at	a	recombin	fraction	[theta]	of.	1),	with	a	maximum	npl	(nonparametr	linkage)	Z	score	of	1.	64	at	d1s202	(P	=.	05).	the	evid	of	linkag	to	thi	region	origin	almost	exclus	from	the	subset	of	12	early-onset	(age	<	65	years)	families,	which	yield	a	maximum	lod	score	of	2.	38	at	d1s413	(straight	theta	=	0)	and	an	npl	Z	score	of	1.	95	at	d1s422	(P	=.	03).	estim	from	heterogen	test	suggest	that,	within	sweden,	as	mani	as	50%	of	early-onset	famili	had	evid	of	linkag	to	the	hpc1	region.	these	result	are	consist	with	the	hypothesi	of	linkag	to	hpc1	in	a	subset	of	famili	with	prostat	cancer,	particularli	those	with	an	earli	age	at	diagnosi
2037285	localis	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	locu	to	19q13.2-19q13.3	and	it	relationship	to	twelv	polymorph	loci	on	19q.	the	order	of	fourteen	polymorph	marker	localis	to	the	long	arm	of	human	chromosom	19	ha	been	establish	by	multipoint	map	in	a	set	of	40	ceph	(centr	detud	de	polymorphism	humain,	paris)	refer	families.	We	report	here	the	linkag	relationship	of	the	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	locu	to	twelv	of	these	marker	as	studi	in	45	famili	with	dm.	the	result	genet	map	is	support	by	the	localis	of	the	dna	marker	in	a	panel	of	somat	cell	hybrids.	ten	of	the	twelv	marker	have	been	shown	to	be	proxim	to	the	DM	gene	and	two,	prkcg	and	d19s22,	distal	but	at	distanc	of	approxim	25	cM	and	15	cm,	respectively.	the	closest	proxim	marker	are	apoc2	(apolipoprotein	c-ii)	and	ckm	(creatin	kinase,	muscle)	approxim	3	cM	and	2	cM	from	the	DM	gene	respectively,	in	the	order	apoc2-ckm-dm.	the	distanc	between	apoc2,	ckm	and	DM	(of	the	order	of	2	million	base	pairs)	and	their	known	orient	should	permit	direct	chromosom	walk	and	jumping.	the	data	present	here	should	enabl	us	to	determin	whether	or	not	new	marker	are	distal	to	apoc2/ckm	and	thu	potenti	flank	the	DM	gene.
10712225	A	recurr	expans	of	a	matern	allel	with	36	cag	repeat	caus	huntington	diseas	in	two	sisters.	larg	intergener	repeat	expans	of	the	cag	trinucleotid	repeat	in	the	HD	gene	have	been	well	document	for	the	male	germline.	We	describ	a	recurr	larg	expans	of	a	matern	allel	with	36	cag	repeat	(to	66	and	57	repeats,	respectively,	in	two	daughters)	associ	with	onset	of	huntington	diseas	(hd)	in	the	second	and	third	decad	in	a	famili	without	histori	of	hd.	our	find	give	evid	of	a	gonad	mosaic	in	the	unaffect	mother.	We	hypothes	that	larg	expans	also	occur	in	the	femal	germlin	and	that	a	neg	select	of	oocyt	with	long	repeat	might	explain	the	differ	instabl	behavior	of	the	male	and	the	femal	germlines.
10072428	germlin	e-cadherin	gene	(cdh1)	mutat	predispos	to	famili	gastric	cancer	and	colorect	cancer.	inherit	mutat	in	the	e-cadherin	gene	(cdh1)	were	describ	recent	in	three	maori	kindr	with	famili	gastric	cancer.	famili	gastric	cancer	is	genet	heterogen	and	it	is	not	clear	what	proport	of	gastric	cancer	suscept	in	non-maori	popul	is	due	to	germlin	cdh1	mutations.	therefore,	we	screen	eight	famili	gastric	cancer	kindr	of	british	and	irish	origin	for	germlin	cdh1	mutations,	by	sscp	analysi	of	all	16	exon	and	flank	sequences.	each	famili	contain	(i)	two	case	of	gastric	cancer	in	first	degre	rel	with	one	affect	befor	age	50	years;	or	(ii)	three	or	more	case	of	gastric	cancer.	novel	germlin	cdh1	mutat	(a	nonsens	and	a	splice	site)	were	detect	in	two	famili	(25%).	both	mutat	were	predict	to	truncat	the	e-cadherin	protein	in	the	signal	peptid	domain.	In	one	famili	there	wa	evid	of	non-penetr	and	suscept	to	both	gastric	and	colorect	cancer;	thus,	in	addit	to	six	case	of	gastric	cancer,	a	cdh1	mutat	carrier	develop	colorect	cancer	at	age	30	years.	We	have	confirm	that	germlin	mutat	in	the	cdh1	gene	caus	famili	gastric	cancer	in	non-maori	populations.	however,	onli	a	minor	of	famili	gastric	cancer	can	be	account	for	by	cdh1	mutations.	loss	of	e-cadherin	function	ha	been	implic	in	the	pathogenesi	of	sporad	colorect	and	other	cancers,	and	our	find	provid	evid	that	germlin	cdh1	mutat	predispos	to	earli	onset	colorect	cancer.	thus,	cdh1	should	be	investig	as	a	caus	of	inherit	suscept	to	both	gastric	and	colorect	cancer
3346017	germin	mosaic	in	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy.	We	have	identifi	a	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	pedigre	where	the	diseas	is	associ	with	a	molecular	delet	within	the	dmd	locus.	We	have	examin	the	meiotic	segreg	product	of	the	common	femal	ancestor	use	marker	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	(rflps)	detect	by	probe	that	lie	within	thi	deletion.	these	studi	show	that	thi	femal	ha	transmit	three	distinct	type	of	X	chromosom	to	her	offspring.	thi	observ	may	be	explain	by	postul	that	the	mutat	aros	as	a	postzygot	delet	within	thi	common	ancestor,	who	wa	consequ	germin	mosaic.
3347839	express	of	the	murin	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	gene	in	muscl	and	brain.	complementari	dna	clone	were	isol	that	repres	the	5	termin	2.	5	kilobas	of	the	murin	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	messeng	rna	(mrna).	mous	dmd	mrna	wa	detect	in	skelet	and	cardiac	muscl	and	at	a	level	approxim	90	percent	lower	in	brain.	dmd	mrna	is	also	present,	but	at	much	lower	than	normal	levels,	in	both	the	muscl	and	brain	of	three	differ	strain	of	dystroph	mdx	mice.	the	identif	of	dmd	mrna	in	brain	rais	the	possibl	of	a	relat	between	human	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	gene	express	and	the	mental	retard	found	in	some	dmd	males.	these	result	also	provid	evid	that	the	mdx	mutat	are	allel	variant	of	mous	dmd	gene	mutat
7790377	human	peroxisom	target	signal-1	receptor	restor	peroxisom	protein	import	in	cell	from	patient	with	fatal	peroxisom	disorders.	two	peroxisom	target	signals,	pts1	and	pts2,	are	involv	in	the	import	of	protein	into	the	peroxisom	matrix.	human	patient	with	fatal	gener	peroxisom	defici	disord	fall	into	at	least	nine	genet	complement	groups.	cell	from	mani	of	these	patient	are	defici	in	the	import	of	pts1-contain	proteins,	but	the	caus	of	the	protein-import	defect	in	these	patient	are	unknown.	We	have	clone	and	sequenc	the	human	cdna	homologu	(pts1r)	of	the	pichia	pastori	pas8	gene,	the	pts1	receptor	(mccollum,	d.,	E.	monosov,	and	S.	subramani.	1993.	J.	cell	biol.	121	761-774).	the	pts1r	mrna	is	express	in	all	human	tissu	examined.	antibodi	to	the	human	pts1r	recogn	thi	protein	in	human,	monkey,	rat,	and	hamster	cells.	the	protein	is	local	mainli	in	the	cytosol	but	is	also	found	to	be	associ	with	peroxisomes.	part	of	the	peroxisom	pts1r	protein	is	tightli	bound	to	the	peroxisom	membrane.	antibodi	to	pts1r	inhibit	peroxisom	protein-import	of	pts1-contain	protein	in	a	permeabil	cho	cell	system.	In	vitro-transl	pts1r	protein	specif	bind	a	serine-lysine-leucine-peptide.	A	pas8-pts1r	fusion	protein	complement	the	P.	pastori	pas8	mutant.	the	pts1r	cdna	also	complement	the	pts1	protein-import	defect	in	skin	fibroblast	from	patients--belong	to	complement	group	two--diagnos	as	have	neonat	adrenoleukodystrophi	or	zellweg	syndrome.	the	pts1r	gene	ha	been	local	to	a	chromosom	locat	where	no	other	peroxisom	disord	gene	are	known	to	map.	our	find	repres	the	onli	case	in	which	the	molecular	basi	of	the	protein-import	defici	in	human	peroxisom	disord	is	understood
8012387	x-link	spastic	paraplegia	and	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	are	allel	disord	at	the	proteolipid	protein	locus.	three	form	of	x-link	spastic	paraplegia	(spg)	have	been	defined.	one	locu	(spg	1)	map	to	xq28	while	two	clinic	distinct	form	map	to	xq22	(spg2).	A	rare	x-link	dysmyelin	disord	of	the	central	nervou	system,	pelizaeus-merzbach	diseas	(pmd),	ha	also	been	map	to	xq21-q22,	and	is	caus	by	mutat	in	the	proteolipid	protein	gene	(plp)	which	encod	two	myelin	proteins,	plp	and	dm20.	while	narrow	the	genet	interv	contain	spg2	in	a	larg	pedigree,	we	found	that	plp	wa	the	closest	marker	to	the	diseas	locus,	implic	plp	as	a	possibl	candid	gene.	We	have	found	that	a	point	mutat	(his139tyr)	in	exon	3B	of	an	affect	male	produc	a	mutant	plp	but	a	normal	dm20,	and	segreg	with	the	diseas	(zmax	=	6.	63,	theta	=	0.	00).	It	appears,	therefore,	that	spg2	and	pmd	are	allel	disord
9949209	genet	map	of	the	copper	toxicosi	locu	in	bedlington	terrier	to	dog	chromosom	10,	in	a	region	synten	to	human	chromosom	region	2p13-p16.	abnorm	hepat	copper	accumul	is	recogn	as	an	inherit	disord	in	man,	mouse,	rat	and	dog.	the	major	caus	of	hepat	copper	accumul	in	man	is	a	dysfunct	atp7b	gene,	caus	wilson	diseas	(wd).	mutat	in	the	atp7b	gene	have	also	been	demonstr	in	mous	and	rat.	the	atp7b	gene	ha	been	exclud	in	the	much	rarer	human	copper	overload	diseas	non-indian	childhood	cirrhosis,	indic	genet	heterogeneity.	By	investig	the	common	autosom	recess	copper	toxicosi	(ct)	in	bedlington	terriers,	we	have	identifi	a	new	locu	involv	in	progress	liver	disease.	We	examin	whether	the	WD	gene	atp7b	wa	also	caus	for	CT	by	investig	the	chromosom	co-loc	of	atp7b	and	c04107,	use	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	(fish).	c04107	is	an	anonym	microsatellit	marker	close	link	to	ct.	however,	bac	clone	contain	atp7b	and	c04107	map	to	the	canin	chromosom	region	cfa22q11	and	cfa10q26,	respectively,	demonstr	that	WD	cannot	be	homolog	to	ct.	the	copper	transport	gene	ctr1	and	ctr2	were	also	exclud	as	candid	gene	for	CT	sinc	they	both	map	to	canin	chromosom	region	cfa11q22.	2-22.	5.	A	transcrib	sequenc	identifi	from	the	c04107-contain	bac	wa	found	to	be	homolog	to	a	gene	express	from	human	chromosom	2p13-p16,	a	region	devoid	of	ani	posit	candid	gene
9950360	molecular	analysi	of	the	apc	gene	in	205	families:	extend	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	fap	and	evid	for	the	role	of	apc	amino	acid	chang	in	colorect	cancer	predisposition.	background/aim	the	develop	of	colorect	cancer	and	a	variabl	rang	of	extracolon	manifest	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	is	the	result	of	the	domin	inherit	of	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(apc)	gene	mutations.	In	thi	study,	direct	mutat	analysi	of	the	apc	gene	wa	perform	to	determin	genotype-phenotyp	correl	for	nine	extracolon	manifest	and	to	investig	the	incid	of	apc	mutat	in	non-fap	colorect	cancer.	method	the	apc	gene	wa	analys	in	190	unrel	fap	and	15	non-fap	colorect	cancer	patient	use	denatur	gradient	gel	electrophoresis,	the	protein	truncat	test,	and	direct	sequencing.	result	chain	termin	signal	were	onli	identifi	in	patient	belong	to	the	fap	group	(105	patients).	amino	acid	chang	were	identifi	in	four	patients,	three	of	whom	belong	to	the	non-fap	group	of	colorect	cancer	patients.	genotype-phenotyp	correl	identifi	signific	differ	in	the	natur	of	certain	extracolon	manifest	in	fap	patient	belong	to	three	mutat	subgroups.	conclus	extend	genotype-phenotyp	correl	made	in	thi	studi	may	have	the	potenti	to	determin	the	most	appropri	surveil	and	prophylact	treatment	regimen	for	those	patient	with	mutat	associ	with	life	threaten	conditions.	thi	studi	also	provid	evid	for	the	patholog	natur	of	amino	acid	chang	in	apc	associ	with	both	fap	and	non-fap	colorect	cancer	patients.
9634518	A	european	multicent	studi	of	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	deficiency:	classif	of	105	mutat	and	a	gener	system	for	genotype-bas	predict	of	metabol	phenotype.	phenylketonuria	(pku)	and	mild	hyperphenylalaninemia	(mhp)	are	allel	disord	caus	by	mutat	in	the	gene	encod	phenylalanin	hydroxylas	(pah).	previou	studi	have	suggest	that	the	highli	variabl	metabol	phenotyp	of	pah	defici	correl	with	pah	genotypes.	We	identifi	both	caus	mutat	in	686	patient	from	seven	european	centers.	On	the	basi	of	the	phenotyp	characterist	of	297	function	hemizyg	patients,	105	of	the	mutat	were	assign	to	one	of	four	arbitrari	phenotyp	categories.	We	propos	and	test	a	simpl	model	for	correl	between	genotyp	and	phenotyp	outcome.	the	observ	phenotyp	match	the	predict	phenotyp	in	79%	of	the	cases,	and	in	onli	5	of	184	patient	wa	the	observ	phenotyp	more	than	one	categori	away	from	that	expected.	among	the	seven	contribut	centers,	the	proport	of	patient	for	whom	the	observ	phenotyp	did	not	match	the	predict	phenotyp	wa	4%	-23%	(P	<.	0001),	suggest	that	differ	in	method	use	for	mutat	detect	or	phenotyp	classif	may	account	for	a	consider	proport	of	genotype-phenotyp	inconsistencies.	our	data	indic	that	the	pah-mut	genotyp	is	the	main	determin	of	metabol	phenotyp	in	most	patient	with	pah	deficiency.	In	the	present	study,	the	classif	of	105	pah	mutat	may	allow	the	predict	of	the	biochem	phenotyp	in	>	10,	000	genotypes,	which	may	be	use	for	the	manag	of	hyperphenylalaninemia	in	newborn
9563950	disrupt	of	splice	regul	by	a	cug-bind	protein	in	myoton	dystrophy.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	caus	by	a	ctg	expans	in	the	3	untransl	region	of	the	DM	gene.	one	model	of	DM	pathogenesi	suggest	that	rna	from	the	expand	allel	creat	a	gain-of-funct	mutat	by	the	inappropri	bind	of	protein	to	the	cug	repeats.	data	present	here	indic	that	the	conserv	heterogen	nuclear	ribonucleoprotein,	cug-bind	protein	(cug-bp),	may	mediat	the	trans-domin	effect	of	the	rna.	cug-bp	wa	found	to	bind	to	the	human	cardiac	troponin	T	(ctnt)	pre-messeng	rna	and	regul	it	altern	splicing.	splice	of	ctnt	wa	disrupt	in	DM	striat	muscl	and	in	normal	cell	express	transcript	that	contain	cug	repeats.	alter	express	of	gene	regul	posttranscript	by	cug-bp	therefor	may	contribut	to	DM	pathogenesis.
9674903	matern	disomi	and	prader-willi	syndrom	consist	with	gamet	complement	in	a	case	of	famili	transloc	(3;15)	(p25;q11.2).	matern	uniparent	disomi	(upd)	for	chromosom	15	is	respons	for	an	estim	30%	of	case	of	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	We	report	on	an	unusu	case	of	matern	disomi	15	in	pw	that	is	most	consist	with	adjacent-1	segreg	of	a	patern	t	(3;	15)	(p25;	q11.	2)	with	simultan	matern	meiotic	nondisjunct	for	chromosom	15.	the	patient	(j.	b.),	a	17-year-old	white	male	with	pws,	wa	found	to	have	47	chromosom	with	a	supernumerary,	patern	der	(15)	consist	of	the	short	arm	and	the	proxim	long	arm	of	chromosom	15,	and	distal	chromosom	arm	3p.	the	t	(3;	15)	wa	present	in	the	balanc	state	in	the	patient	father	and	a	sister.	fluoresc	in	situ	hybrid	analysi	demonstr	that	the	pw	critic	region	resid	on	the	deriv	chromosom	3	and	that	there	wa	no	delet	of	the	pw	region	on	the	normal	pair	of	15	present	in	J.	B.	methyl	analysi	at	exon	alpha	of	the	small	nuclear	ribonucleoprotein-associ	polypeptid	N	(snrpn)	gene	show	a	pattern	characterist	of	onli	the	matern	chromosom	15	in	J.	B.	matern	disomi	wa	confirm	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	analysi	of	microsatellit	repeat	at	the	gamma-aminobutyr	acid	receptor	beta3	subunit	(gabrb3)	locus.	A	niec	(b.	b.)	with	45	chromosom	and	the	deriv	3	but	without	the	der	(15)	demonstr	a	phenotyp	consist	with	that	report	for	haploinsuffici	of	distal	3	p.	uniparent	disomi	associ	with	unbalanc	segreg	of	non-robertsonian	transloc	ha	been	report	previous	but	ha	not,	to	our	knowledge,	been	observ	in	a	case	of	pws.	furthermore,	our	find	are	best	interpret	as	true	gamet	complement	result	in	matern	upd	15	and	PW
9863607	segreg	distort	in	myoton	dystrophy.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	an	autosom	domin	diseas	which,	in	the	typic	pedigree,	show	a	three	gener	anticip	cascade.	thi	result	in	infertil	and	congenit	myoton	dystrophi	(cdm)	with	the	disappear	of	DM	in	that	pedigree.	the	concept	of	segreg	distortion,	where	there	is	preferenti	transmiss	of	the	larger	allel	at	the	DM	locus,	ha	been	put	forward	to	explain	partial	the	mainten	of	DM	in	the	population.	In	a	survey	of	DM	in	northern	ireland,	59	pedigre	were	ascertained.	sibship	where	the	statu	of	all	the	member	had	been	identifi	were	examin	to	determin	the	transmiss	of	the	DM	expans	from	affect	parent	to	their	offspring.	where	the	transmit	parent	wa	male,	58.	3%	of	the	offspr	were	affected,	and	in	the	case	of	a	femal	transmit	parent,	68.	7%	were	affected.	studi	on	meiotic	drive	in	DM	have	shown	increas	transmiss	of	the	larger	allel	at	the	DM	locu	in	non-dm	heterozygot	for	ctgn.	thi	studi	provid	further	evid	that	the	DM	expans	tend	to	be	transmit	preferenti
9443866	ataxia-telangiectasia:	identif	and	detect	of	founder-effect	mutat	in	the	atm	gene	in	ethnic	populations.	To	facilit	the	evalu	of	atm	heterozygot	for	suscept	to	other	diseases,	such	as	breast	cancer,	we	have	attempt	to	defin	the	most	common	mutat	and	their	frequenc	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	homozygot	from	10	ethnic	populations.	both	genom	mutat	and	their	effect	on	cdna	were	characterized.	protein-trunc	test	of	the	entir	atm	cdna	detect	92	(66%)	truncat	mutat	in	140	mutant	allel	screened.	the	haplotyp	of	patient	with	ident	mutat	indic	that	almost	all	of	these	repres	common	ancestri	and	that	veri	few	spontan	recur	atm	mutat	exist.	assay	requir	minim	amount	of	genom	dna	were	design	to	allow	rapid	screen	for	common	ethnic	mutations.	these	rapid	assay	detect	mutat	in	76%	of	costa	rican	patient	(3),	50%	of	norwegian	patient	(1),	25%	of	polish	patient	(4),	and	14%	of	italian	patient	(1),	as	well	as	in	patient	of	amish/mennonit	and	irish	english	backgrounds.	addit	mutat	were	observ	in	japanese,	utah	mormon,	and	african	american	patients.	these	assay	should	facilit	screen	for	a-t	heterozygot	in	the	popul	studied.
9311732	constitut	rb1-gene	mutat	in	patient	with	isol	unilater	retinoblastoma.	In	most	patient	with	isol	unilater	retinoblastoma,	tumor	develop	is	initi	by	somat	inactiv	of	both	allel	of	the	rb1	gene.	however,	some	of	these	patient	can	transmit	retinoblastoma	predisposit	to	their	offspring.	To	determin	the	frequenc	and	natur	of	constitut	rb1-gene	mutat	in	patient	with	isol	unilater	retinoblastoma,	we	analyz	dna	from	peripher	blood	and	from	tumor	tissue.	the	analysi	of	tumor	from	54	(71%)	of	76	inform	patient	show	loss	of	constitut	heterozygos	(loh)	at	intragen	loci.	three	of	13	uninform	patient	had	constitut	deletions.	for	39	randomli	select	tumors,	sscp,	hetero-duplex	analysis,	sequencing,	and	southern	blot	analysi	were	use	to	identifi	mutations.	mutat	were	detect	in	21	(91%)	of	23	tumor	with	loh.	In	6	(38%)	of	16	tumor	without	loh,	one	mutat	wa	detected,	and	in	9	(56%)	of	the	tumor	without	loh,	both	mutat	were	found.	thus,	a	total	of	45	mutat	were	identifi	in	tumor	of	36	patients.	thirty-nin	of	the	mutations-includ	34	small	mutations,	2	larg	structur	alterations,	and	hypermethyl	in	3	tumors-wer	not	detect	in	the	correspond	peripher	blood	dna.	In	6	(17%)	of	the	36	patients,	a	mutat	wa	detect	in	constitut	dna,	and	1	of	these	mutat	is	known	to	be	associ	with	reduc	expressivity.	the	presenc	of	a	constitut	mutat	wa	not	associ	with	an	earli	age	at	treatment.	In	1	patient,	somat	mosaic	wa	demonstr	by	molecular	analysi	of	dna	and	rna	from	peripher	blood.	In	2	patient	without	a	detect	mutat	in	peripher	blood,	mosaic	wa	suggest	becaus	1	of	the	patient	show	multifoc	tumor	and	the	other	later	develop	bilater	retinoblastoma.	In	conclusion,	our	result	emphas	that	the	manifest	and	transmiss	of	retinoblastoma	depend	on	the	natur	of	the	first	mutation,	it	time	in	development,	and	the	number	and	type	of	cell	that	are	affected.
9931324	missens	mutat	in	the	most	ancient	residu	of	the	pax6	pair	domain	underli	a	spectrum	of	human	congenit	eye	malformations.	mutat	of	the	human	pax6	gene	underli	aniridia	(congenit	absenc	of	the	iris),	a	rare	domin	malform	of	the	eye.	the	spectrum	of	pax6	mutat	in	aniridia	patient	is	highli	biased,	with	92%	of	all	report	mutat	lead	to	prematur	truncat	of	the	protein	(nonsense,	splicing,	insert	and	deletions)	and	just	2%	lead	to	substitut	of	one	amino	acid	by	anoth	(missense).	the	extraordinari	conserv	of	the	pax6	protein	at	the	amino	acid	level	amongst	vertebr	predict	that	patholog	missens	mutat	should	in	fact	be	common	even	though	they	are	hardli	ever	seen	in	aniridia	patients.	thi	indic	that	there	is	a	heavi	ascertain	bia	in	the	select	of	patient	for	pax6	mutat	analysi	and	that	the	miss	pax6	missens	mutat	frequent	may	underli	phenotyp	distinct	from	textbook	aniridia.	here	we	present	four	novel	pax6	missens	mutations,	two	in	associ	with	atyp	phenotyp	ectopia	pupilla	(displac	pupils)	and	congenit	nystagmu	(search	gaze),	and	two	in	associ	with	more	recogniz	aniridia	phenotypes.	strikingly,	all	four	mutat	are	locat	within	the	pax6	pair	domain	and	affect	amino	acid	which	are	highli	conserv	in	all	known	pair	domain	proteins.	our	result	support	the	hypothesi	that	the	under-represent	of	missens	mutat	is	caus	by	ascertain	bia	and	suggest	that	a	substanti	burden	of	pax6	-relat	diseas	remain	to	be	uncovered.
9668171	somat	instabl	of	the	ctg	repeat	in	mice	transgen	for	the	myoton	dystrophi	region	is	age	depend	but	not	correl	to	the	rel	intertissu	transcript	level	and	prolif	capacities.	A	(ctg)	nexpans	in	the	3-untransl	region	(utr)	of	the	DM	protein	kinas	gene	(dmpk)	is	respons	for	caus	myoton	dystrophi	(dm).	major	instability,	with	veri	larg	expans	between	gener	and	high	level	of	somat	mosaicism,	is	observ	in	patients.	there	is	a	good	correl	between	repeat	size	(at	least	in	leucocytes),	clinic	sever	and	age	of	onset.	the	trinucleotid	repeat	instabl	mechan	involv	in	DM	and	other	human	genet	diseas	are	unknown.	We	studi	somat	instabl	by	measur	the	ctg	repeat	length	at	sever	age	in	variou	tissu	of	transgen	mice	carri	a	(ctg)	55expans	surround	by	45	kb	of	the	human	DM	region,	use	small-pool	pcr.	these	mice	have	been	shown	to	reproduc	the	intergener	and	somat	instabl	of	the	55	ctg	repeat	suggest	that	surround	sequenc	and	the	chromatin	environ	are	involv	in	instabl	mechanisms.	As	observ	in	some	of	the	tissu	of	DM	patients,	there	is	a	tendenc	for	repeat	length	and	somat	mosaic	to	increas	with	the	age	of	the	mouse.	furthermore,	we	observ	no	correl	between	the	somat	mutat	rate	and	tissu	prolifer	capacity.	the	somat	mutat	rate	in	differ	tissu	were	also	not	correl	to	the	rel	inter-tissu	differ	in	transcript	level	of	the	three	gene	(dmahp,	dmpk	and	59)	surround	the	repeat.
9463314	atm	mutat	and	phenotyp	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	famili	in	the	british	isles:	express	of	mutant	atm	and	the	risk	of	leukemia,	lymphoma,	and	breast	cancer.	We	report	the	spectrum	of	59	atm	mutat	observ	in	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	patient	in	the	british	isles.	Of	51	atm	mutat	identifi	in	famili	nativ	to	the	british	isles,	11	were	founder	mutations,	and	2	of	these	11	confer	a	milder	clinic	phenotyp	with	respect	to	both	cerebellar	degener	and	cellular	features.	We	report,	in	two	a-t	families,	an	atm	mutat	(7271t--	>	G)	that	may	be	associ	with	an	increas	risk	of	breast	cancer	in	both	homozygot	and	heterozygot	(rel	risk	12.	7;	P	=.	0025),	although	there	is	a	less	sever	a-t	phenotyp	in	term	of	the	degre	of	cerebellar	degeneration.	thi	mutat	(7271t--	>	G)	also	allow	express	of	full-length	atm	protein	at	a	level	compar	with	that	in	unaffect	individuals.	In	addition,	we	have	studi	18	a-t	patients,	in	15	families,	who	develop	leukemia,	lymphoma,	preleukem	t-cell	proliferation,	or	hodgkin	lymphoma,	mostli	in	childhood.	A	wide	varieti	of	atm	mutat	types,	includ	missens	mutat	and	in-fram	deletions,	were	seen	in	these	patients.	We	also	show	that	25%	of	all	a-t	patient	carri	in-fram	delet	or	missens	mutations,	mani	of	which	were	also	associ	with	express	of	mutant	atm	protein
9391879	low	frequenc	of	brca1	germlin	mutat	in	45	german	breast/ovarian	cancer	families.	In	thi	studi	we	investig	45	german	breast/ovarian	cancer	famili	for	germlin	mutat	in	the	brca1	gene.	We	identifi	four	germlin	mutat	in	three	breast	cancer	famili	and	in	one	breast-ovarian	cancer	family.	among	these	were	one	frameshift	mutation,	one	nonsens	mutation,	one	novel	splice	site	mutation,	and	one	missens	mutation.	the	missens	mutat	wa	also	found	in	2.	8%	of	the	gener	population,	suggest	that	it	is	not	diseas	associated.	the	averag	age	of	diseas	onset	in	those	famili	harbour	caus	mutat	wa	between	32.	3	and	37.	4	years,	wherea	the	famili	harbour	the	missens	mutat	had	an	averag	age	of	onset	of	51.	2	years.	these	find	show	that	brca1	is	implic	in	a	small	fraction	of	breast/ovarian	cancer	famili	suggest	the	involv	of	anoth	suscept	gene	(s
9700175	oral	contracept	and	the	risk	of	hereditari	ovarian	cancer.	hereditari	ovarian	cancer	clinic	studi	group.	background	women	with	mutat	in	either	the	brca1	or	the	brca2	gene	have	a	high	lifetim	risk	of	ovarian	cancer.	oral	contracept	protect	against	ovarian	cancer	in	general,	but	it	is	not	known	whether	they	also	protect	against	hereditari	form	of	ovarian	cancer.	method	We	enrol	207	women	with	hereditari	ovarian	cancer	and	161	of	their	sister	as	control	in	a	case-control	study.	all	the	patient	carri	a	pathogen	mutat	in	either	brca1	(179	women)	or	brca2	(28	women).	the	control	women	were	enrol	regardless	of	whether	or	not	they	had	either	mutation.	lifetim	histori	of	oral-contracept	use	were	obtain	by	interview	or	by	written	questionnair	and	were	compar	between	patient	and	control	women,	after	adjust	for	year	of	birth	and	parity.	result	the	adjust	odd	ratio	for	ovarian	cancer	associ	with	ani	past	use	of	oral	contracept	wa	0.	5	(95	percent	confid	interval,	0.	3	to	0.	8).	the	risk	decreas	with	increas	durat	of	use	(P	for	trend,	<	0.	001);	use	for	six	or	more	year	wa	associ	with	a	60	percent	reduct	in	risk.	oral-contracept	use	protect	against	ovarian	cancer	both	for	carrier	of	the	brca1	mutat	(odd	ratio,	0.	5;	95	percent	confid	interval,	0.	3	to	0.	9)	and	for	carrier	of	the	brca2	mutat	(odd	ratio,	0.	4;	95	percent	confid	interval,	0.	2	to	1.	1).	conclus	oral-contracept	use	may	reduc	the	risk	of	ovarian	cancer	in	women	with	pathogen	mutat	in	the	brca1	or	brca2	gen
9792861	founder	brca1	and	brca2	mutat	in	french	canadian	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	families.	We	have	identifi	four	mutat	in	each	of	the	breast	cancer-suscept	genes,	brca1	and	brca2,	in	french	canadian	breast	cancer	and	breast/ovarian	cancer	famili	from	quebec.	To	identifi	founder	effects,	we	examin	independ	ascertain	french	canadian	cancer	famili	for	the	distribut	of	these	eight	mutations.	mutat	were	found	in	41	of	97	families.	six	of	eight	mutat	were	observ	at	least	twice.	the	brca1	c4446t	mutat	wa	the	most	common	mutat	found,	follow	by	the	brca2	8765delag	mutation.	together,	these	mutat	were	found	in	28	of	41	famili	identifi	to	have	a	mutation.	the	odd	of	detect	of	ani	of	the	four	brca1	mutat	wa	18.	7x	greater	if	one	or	more	case	of	ovarian	cancer	were	also	present	in	the	family.	the	odd	of	detect	of	ani	of	the	four	brca2	mutat	wa	5.	3x	greater	if	there	were	at	least	five	case	of	breast	cancer	in	the	family.	interestingly,	the	presenc	of	a	breast	cancer	case	<	36	year	of	age	wa	strongli	predict	of	the	presenc	of	ani	of	the	eight	mutat	screened.	carrier	of	the	same	mutation,	from	differ	families,	share	similar	haplotypes,	indic	that	the	mutant	allel	were	like	to	be	ident	by	descent	for	a	mutat	in	the	founder	population.	the	identif	of	common	brca1	and	brca2	mutat	will	facilit	carrier	detect	in	french	canadian	breast	cancer	and	breast/ovarian	cancer	famili
9705283	truncat	mutat	in	the	transactiv	region	of	pax6	result	in	dominant-neg	mutants.	pax6	is	a	transcript	factor	with	two	dna-bind	domain	(pair	box	and	homeobox)	and	a	proline-serine-threonin	(pst)	-rich	transactiv	domain.	pax6	regul	eye	develop	in	anim	rang	from	jellyfish	to	drosophila	to	humans.	heterozyg	mutat	in	the	human	pax6	gene	result	in	variou	phenotypes,	includ	aniridia,	peter	anomaly,	autosom	domin	keratitis,	and	famili	foveal	dysplasia.	It	is	believ	that	the	mutat	allel	of	pax6	produc	an	inact	protein	and	aniridia	is	caus	due	to	genet	haploinsufficiency.	however,	sever	truncat	mutat	have	been	found	to	occur	in	the	c-termin	half	of	pax6	in	patient	with	aniridia	result	in	mutant	protein	that	retain	the	dna-bind	domain	but	have	lost	most	of	the	transactiv	domain.	It	is	not	clear	whether	such	mutant	realli	behav	as	loss-of-funct	mutant	as	predict	by	haploinsufficiency.	contrari	to	thi	theory,	our	data	show	that	these	mutant	are	dominant-neg	in	transient	transfect	assay	when	they	are	coexpress	with	wild-typ	pax6.	We	found	that	the	dominant-neg	effect	result	from	the	enhanc	dna	bind	abil	of	these	mutants.	kinet	studi	of	bind	and	dissoci	reveal	that	variou	truncat	mutant	have	3-5-fold	higher	affin	to	variou	dna-bind	site	when	compar	with	the	wild-typ	pax6.	these	result	provid	a	new	insight	into	the	role	of	mutant	pax6	in	caus	aniridia.
9546397	crystal	structur	of	the	hemochromatosi	protein	hfe	and	character	of	it	interact	with	transferrin	receptor.	hfe	is	an	mhc-relat	protein	that	is	mutat	in	the	iron-overload	diseas	hereditari	hemochromatosis.	hfe	bind	to	transferrin	receptor	(tfr)	and	reduc	it	affin	for	iron-load	transferrin,	implic	hfe	in	iron	metabolism.	the	2.	6	A	crystal	structur	of	hfe	reveal	the	locat	of	hemochromatosi	mutat	and	a	patch	of	histidin	that	could	be	involv	in	ph-depend	interactions.	We	also	demonstr	that	solubl	tfr	and	hfe	bind	tightli	at	the	basic	pH	of	the	cell	surface,	but	not	at	the	acid	pH	of	intracellular	vesicles.	tfr	hfe	stoichiometri	(2	1)	differ	from	tfr	transferrin	stoichiometri	(2	2),	impli	a	differ	mode	of	bind	for	hfe	and	transferrin	to	tfr,	consist	with	our	demonstr	that	hfe,	transferrin,	and	tfr	form	a	ternari	complex
9774970	stabl	interact	between	the	product	of	the	brca1	and	brca2	tumor	suppressor	gene	in	mitot	and	meiotic	cells.	brca1	and	brca2	account	for	most	case	of	familial,	earli	onset	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer	and	encod	product	that	each	interact	with	hrad51.	result	present	here	show	that	brca1	and	brca2	coexist	in	a	biochem	complex	and	coloc	in	subnuclear	foci	in	somat	cell	and	on	the	axial	element	of	develop	synaptonem	complexes.	like	brca1	and	rad51,	brca2	reloc	to	pcna	+	replic	site	follow	exposur	of	S	phase	cell	to	hydroxyurea	or	UV	irradiation.	thus,	brca1	and	brca2	participate,	together,	in	a	pathway	(s)	associ	with	the	activ	of	double-strand	break	repair	and/or	homolog	recombination.	dysfunct	of	thi	pathway	may	be	a	gener	phenomenon	in	the	major	of	case	of	hereditari	breast	and/or	ovarian	cancer.
9790667	A	novel	arg362ser	mutat	in	the	sterol	27-hydroxylas	gene	(cyp27):	it	effect	on	pre-mrna	splice	and	enzym	activity.	A	novel	C	to	A	mutat	in	the	sterol	27-hydroxylas	gene	(cyp27)	wa	identifi	by	sequenc	amplifi	cyp27	gene	product	from	a	patient	with	cerebrotendin	xanthomatosi	(ctx).	the	mutat	chang	the	adrenodoxin	cofactor	bind	residu	362arg	to	362ser	(cgt	362arg	to	agt	362ser),	and	wa	respons	for	defici	in	the	sterol	27-hydroxylas	activity,	as	confirm	by	express	of	mutant	cdna	into	cos-1	cells.	quantit	analysi	show	that	the	express	of	cyp27	gene	mrna	in	the	patient	repres	52.	5%	of	the	normal	level.	As	the	mutat	occur	at	the	penultim	nucleotid	of	exon	6	(-2	posit	of	exon	6-intron	6	splice	site)	of	the	gene,	we	hypothes	that	the	mutat	may	partial	affect	the	normal	splice	effici	in	exon	6	and	caus	altern	splice	elsewhere,	which	result	in	decreas	transcript	in	the	patient.	transfect	of	construct	minigenes,	with	or	without	the	mutation,	into	cos-1	cell	confirm	that	the	mutant	minigen	wa	respons	for	a	mrna	speci	altern	splice	at	an	activ	cryptic	5	splice	site	88	bp	upstream	from	the	3	end	of	exon	6.	our	data	suggest	that	the	C	to	A	mutat	at	the	penultim	nucleotid	of	exon	6	of	the	cyp27	gene	not	onli	caus	the	defici	in	the	sterol	27-hydroxylas	activity,	but	also	partial	lead	to	altern	pre-mrna	splice	of	the	gene.	To	our	knowledge,	thi	is	the	first	report	regard	effect	on	pre-mrna	splice	of	a	mutat	at	the	-2	posit	of	a	5	splice	site
9702690	A	japanes	famili	with	adrenoleukodystrophi	with	a	codon	291	deletion:	a	clinical,	biochemical,	pathological,	and	genet	report.	We	report	a	japanes	famili	with	adrenoleukodystrophi	(ald)	with	a	three	base	pair	delet	(delgag	291)	in	the	ald	gene.	A	varieti	of	phenotyp	were	observ	within	thi	family.	while	the	proband	(patient	1)	wa	classifi	as	have	a	rare	intermedi	type	of	adult	cerebr	and	cerebello-brain	stem	forms,	hi	younger	brother	(patient	2)	and	nephew	(patient	3)	had	a	childhood	ald	type.	anoth	nephew	(patient	4)	of	patient	1	wa	classifi	as	have	an	adolesc	form.	the	tau	level	in	the	cerebrospin	fluid	(csf)	in	patient	1	wa	as	high	as	that	of	patient	with	alzheim	diseas	(ad).	hi	brain	magnet	reson	imag	(mri)	show	abnorm	in	the	bilater	cerebellar	hemispher	and	brain	stem,	but	not	in	the	cerebr	white	matter,	where	mark	reduct	of	the	cerebr	blood	flow	and	oxygen	metabol	were	clearli	demonstr	by	positron	emiss	tomographi	(pet).	In	patient	2	and	3,	the	autopsi	find	show	massiv	demyelin	of	the	cerebr	white	matter	with	spare	of	the	u-fibers,	compat	with	the	find	of	childhood	ald.	oleic	and	eruc	acid	(lorenzo	oil)	were	administ	to	patient	1	and	4,	but	suffici	effect	wa	not	obtained.	the	find	in	thi	famili	suggest	that	delgag291	is	part	of	the	caus	of	japanes	ald	with	phenotyp	variations.	moreover,	although	the	scale	of	the	studi	is	limited,	there	is	a	possibl	that	pet	can	detect	an	insidi	lesion	which	is	undetect	by	comput	tomogram	(ct)	or	mri	analysis,	and	that	the	higher	level	of	tau	reflect	the	process	of	neuron	degener	in	ald.	lorenzo	oil	should	be	given	in	the	earli	stage.
9618166	two	frequent	missens	mutat	in	pendr	syndrome.	pendr	syndrom	is	an	autosom	recess	disord	character	by	earli	childhood	deaf	and	goiter.	A	centuri	after	it	recognit	as	a	syndrom	by	vaughan	pendred,	the	diseas	gene	(pds)	wa	map	to	chromosom	7q22-q31.	1	and,	recently,	found	to	encod	a	put	sulfat	transporter.	We	perform	mutat	analysi	of	the	pd	gene	in	patient	from	14	pendr	famili	origin	from	seven	countri	and	identifi	all	mutations.	the	mutat	includ	three	singl	base	deletions,	one	splice	site	mutat	and	10	missens	mutations.	one	missens	mutat	(l236p)	wa	found	in	a	homozyg	state	in	two	consanguin	famili	and	in	a	heterozyg	state	in	five	addit	non-consanguin	families.	anoth	missens	mutat	(t416p)	wa	found	in	a	homozyg	state	in	one	famili	and	in	a	heterozyg	state	in	four	families.	pendr	patient	in	three	non-consanguin	famili	were	shown	to	be	compound	heterozygot	for	l236p	and	t416p.	In	total,	one	or	both	of	these	mutat	were	found	in	nine	of	the	14	famili	analyzed.	the	identif	of	two	frequent	pd	mutat	will	facilit	the	molecular	diagnosi	of	pendr	syndrom
9427148	aspartylglucosaminuria	among	palestinian	arabs.	aspartylglucosaminuria	(agu)	is	a	rare	disord	of	glycoprotein	metabol	caus	by	the	defici	of	the	lysosom	enzym	aspartylglucosaminidas	(aga).	agu	is	inherit	as	an	autosom	recess	trait	and	occur	with	a	high	frequenc	in	finland	becaus	of	a	founder	effect.	while	veri	few	patient	with	agu	have	been	report	from	non-finnish	origin,	we	diagnos	the	disord	in	8	patient	origin	from	3	unrel	families,	all	palestinian	arab	from	the	region	of	jerusalem.	the	clinic	diagnosi	of	agu	is	often	difficult,	in	particular	earli	in	the	cours	of	the	disease,	and	most	of	the	patient	are	diagnos	after	the	age	of	5	years.	however,	sinc	these	patient	excret	earli	larg	amount	of	aspartylglucosamin	in	urine,	biochem	screen	is	easi	by	urin	chromatography.
9467011	mutat	spectrum	and	genotype-phenotyp	analys	in	cowden	diseas	and	bannayan-zonana	syndrome,	two	hamartoma	syndrom	with	germlin	pten	mutation.	the	tumour	suppressor	gene	pten,	which	map	to	10q23.	3	and	encod	a	403	amino	acid	dual	specif	phosphatas	(protein	tyrosin	phosphatase;	ptpase),	wa	shown	recent	to	play	a	broad	role	in	human	malignancy.	somat	pten	delet	and	mutat	were	observ	in	sporad	breast,	brain,	prostat	and	kidney	cancer	cell	line	and	in	sever	primari	tumour	such	as	endometri	carcinomas,	malign	melanoma	and	thyroid	tumours.	In	addition,	pten	wa	identifi	as	the	suscept	gene	for	two	hamartoma	syndrom	cowden	diseas	(cd;	mim	158350)	and	bannayan-zonana	(bzs)	or	ruvalcaba-riley-smith	syndrom	(mim	153480).	constitut	dna	from	37	CD	famili	and	seven	bz	famili	wa	screen	for	germlin	pten	mutations.	pten	mutat	were	identifi	in	30	of	37	(81%)	CD	families,	includ	missens	and	nonsens	point	mutations,	deletions,	insertions,	a	deletion/insert	and	splice	site	mutations.	these	mutat	were	scatter	over	the	entir	length	of	pten,	with	the	except	of	the	first,	fourth	and	last	exons.	A	hot	spot	for	pten	mutat	in	CD	wa	identifi	in	exon	5	that	contain	the	ptpase	core	motif,	with	13	of	30	(43%)	CD	mutat	identifi	in	thi	exon.	seven	of	30	(23%)	were	within	the	core	motif,	the	major	(five	of	seven)	of	which	were	missens	mutations,	possibl	point	to	the	function	signific	of	thi	region.	germlin	pten	mutat	were	identifi	in	four	of	seven	(57%)	bz	famili	studied.	interestingly,	none	of	these	mutat	wa	observ	in	the	ptpase	core	motif.	It	is	also	worthi	of	note	that	a	singl	nonsens	point	mutation,	r233x,	wa	observ	in	the	germlin	dna	from	two	unrel	CD	famili	and	one	bz	family.	genotype-phenotyp	studi	were	not	perform	on	thi	small	group	of	bz	families.	however,	genotype-phenotyp	analysi	inth	group	of	CD	famili	reveal	two	possibl	associ	worthi	of	follow-up	in	independ	analyses.	the	first	wa	an	associ	note	in	the	group	of	CD	famili	with	breast	disease.	A	correl	wa	observ	between	the	presence/abs	of	a	pten	mutat	and	the	type	of	breast	involv	(unaffect	versu	benign	versu	malignant).	specif	and	more	directly,	an	associ	wa	also	observ	between	the	presenc	of	a	pten	mutat	and	malign	breast	disease.	secondly,	there	appear	to	be	an	interdepend	associ	between	mutat	upstream	and	within	the	ptpase	core	motif,	the	core	motif	contain	the	major	of	missens	mutations,	and	the	involv	of	all	major	organ	system	(central	nervou	system,	thyroid,	breast,	skin	and	gastrointestin	tract).	however,	these	observ	would	need	to	be	confirm	by	studi	a	larger	number	of	CD	famili
9831355	i1307k	apc	and	hmlh1	mutat	in	a	non-jewish	famili	with	hereditari	non-polyposi	colorect	cancer.	We	describ	a	french	canadian	hereditari	non-polyposi	colorect	cancer	(hnpcc)	kindr	which	carri	a	novel	truncat	mutat	in	hmlh1.	interestingly,	the	i1307k	apc	polymorphism,	associ	with	an	increas	risk	of	colorect	cancer,	is	also	present	in	thi	family.	the	i1307k	polymorph	ha	previous	onli	been	identifi	in	individu	of	self-report	ashkenazi	jewish	origins.	In	addition,	in	thi	family,	there	appear	to	be	no	relationship	between	the	i1307k	polymorph	and	the	presenc	or	absenc	of	cancer.
9590178	wilms'	tumor	1	and	dax-1	modul	the	orphan	nuclear	receptor	sf-1	in	sex-specif	gene	expression.	product	of	steroidogen	factor	1	(sf-1)	and	wilm	tumor	1	(wt1)	gene	are	essenti	for	mammalian	gonadogenesi	prior	to	sexual	differentiation.	In	males,	sf-1	particip	in	sexual	develop	by	regul	express	of	the	polypeptid	hormon	mullerian	inhibit	substanc	(mis).	here,	we	show	that	wt1	-kt	isoform	associ	and	synerg	with	sf-1	to	promot	mi	expression.	In	contrast,	wt1	missens	mutations,	associ	with	male	pseudohermaphrodit	in	denys-drash	syndrome,	fail	to	synerg	with	sf-1.	additionally,	the	x-linked,	candid	dosage-sensit	sex-revers	gene,	dax-1,	antagon	synergi	between	sf-1	and	wt1,	most	like	through	a	direct	interact	with	sf-1.	We	propos	that	wt1	and	dax-1	function	oppos	each	other	in	testi	develop	by	modul	sf-1-mediat	transactivation.
9358014	ethnic	differ	in	the	hfe	codon	282	(cys/tyr)	polymorphism.	recent	studi	have	shown	that	hereditari	hemochromatosi	(hh)	is	like	to	be	caus	by	homozygos	for	a	cys282tyr	mutat	in	the	hfe	gene	locat	4.	5	Mb	telomer	to	hla-a.	popul	studi	of	thi	polymorph	are	facilit	by	the	fact	that	the	cys282tyr	mutat	creat	a	rsal	restrict	site.	We	have	studi	the	codon	282	(cys/tyr)	polymorph	in	differ	ethnic	groups.	In	agreement	with	previou	observ	the	tyr	allel	appear	to	be	rare	or	absent	in	asiat	(indian,	chinese)	populations.	the	highest	allel	frequenc	(7.	5%)	wa	found	in	swedes.	saami	(2%)	and	mordvinian	(1.	8%)	had	significantli	lower	frequenc	of	the	tyr	allele.	comparison	with	allel	frequenc	base	on	preval	estim	of	HH	show	some	disagr	with	the	rflp	data,	particularli	in	finns.	the	newli	describ	hfe	marker	provid	a	new	approach	to	the	screen	of	HH	as	well	as	studi	of	the	relationship	between	the	hfe	tyr	allel	and	differ	disord	includ	canc
9382108	risk	revers	in	predict	test	for	huntington	disease.	the	first	predict	test	for	huntington	diseas	(hd)	wa	base	on	analysi	of	link	polymorph	dna	marker	to	estim	the	likelihood	of	inherit	the	mutat	for	hd.	limit	to	accuraci	includ	recombin	between	the	dna	marker	and	the	mutation,	pedigre	structure,	and	whether	dna	sampl	were	avail	from	famili	members.	with	direct	test	for	the	HD	mutation,	we	have	assess	the	accuraci	of	result	obtain	by	linkag	approach	when	request	to	do	so	by	the	test	individuals.	for	six	such	individuals,	there	wa	signific	dispar	between	the	tests.	three	went	from	a	decreas	risk	to	an	increas	risk,	while	in	anoth	three	the	risk	wa	decreased.	knowledg	of	the	potenti	reason	for	these	chang	in	result	and	impact	of	these	risk	revers	on	both	patient	and	the	counsel	team	can	assist	in	the	develop	of	strategi	for	the	prevent	and,	where	necessary,	manag	of	a	risk	revers	in	ani	predict	test	program.
9554743	identif	of	three	novel	mutat	and	a	high	frequenc	of	the	arg778leu	mutat	in	korean	patient	with	wilson	disease.	four	mutations--r778l,	a874v,	l1083f,	and	2304delc--in	the	copper-transport	enzyme,	p-type	atpas	(atp7b),	were	identifi	in	korean	patient	with	wilson	disease.	arg778leu,	the	most	frequent	report	mutat	of	thi	enzyme,	wa	found	in	six	of	eight	unrel	patient	studied,	an	allel	frequenc	of	37.	5%,	which	is	consider	higher	than	those	in	other	asian	populations.	the	novel	singl	nucleotid	deletion,	2304delc,	wa	found	in	one	patient.	sinc	a	mutat	at	cdna	nucleotid	2302	(2302insc)	had	been	previous	described,	thi	region	of	the	atp7b	gene	may	be	suscept	to	gene	rearrang	caus	wilson	diseas
9792860	determin	of	the	genom	structur	of	the	col4a4	gene	and	of	novel	mutat	caus	autosom	recess	alport	syndrome.	autosom	recess	alport	syndrom	is	a	progress	hematur	glomerulonephr	character	by	glomerular	basement	membran	abnorm	and	associ	with	mutat	in	either	the	col4a3	or	the	col4a4	gene,	which	encod	the	alpha3	and	alpha4	type	IV	collagen	chains,	respectively.	To	date,	mutat	screen	in	the	two	gene	ha	been	hamper	by	the	lack	of	genom	structur	information.	We	report	here	the	complet	character	of	the	48	exon	of	the	col4a4	gene,	a	comprehens	gene	screen,	and	the	subsequ	detect	of	10	novel	mutat	in	eight	patient	diagnos	with	autosom	recess	alport	syndrome.	furthermore,	we	identifi	a	glycin	to	alanin	substitut	in	the	collagen	domain	that	is	appar	silent	in	the	heterozyg	carriers,	in	11.	5%	of	all	control	individuals,	and	in	one	control	individu	homozyg	for	thi	glycin	substitution.	there	ha	been	no	previou	find	of	a	glycin	substitut	that	is	not	associ	with	ani	obviou	phenotyp	in	homozyg	individu
9771706	A	gene	encod	a	transmembran	protein	is	mutat	in	patient	with	diabet	mellitu	and	optic	atrophi	(wolfram	syndrome).	wolfram	syndrom	(wfs;	omim	222300)	is	an	autosom	recess	neurodegen	disord	defin	by	young-onset	non-immun	insulin-depend	diabet	mellitu	and	progress	optic	atrophy.	linkag	to	marker	on	chromosom	4p	wa	confirm	in	five	families.	On	the	basi	of	meiotic	recombin	and	disease-associ	haplotypes,	the	wf	gene	wa	local	to	a	bac/p1	contig	of	less	than	250	kb.	mutat	in	a	novel	gene	(wfs1)	encod	a	put	transmembran	protein	were	found	in	all	affect	individu	in	six	wf	families,	and	these	mutat	were	associ	with	the	diseas	phenotype.	wfs1	appear	to	function	in	surviv	of	islet	beta-cel	and	neurons.
9472666	molecular	defect	lead	to	human	complement	compon	C6	defici	in	an	african-american	family.	complement	compon	C6	defici	(c6d)	wa	diagnos	in	a	16-year-old	african-american	male	with	meningococc	meningitis.	the	patient	father	and	two	brother	also	had	c6d,	but	gave	no	histori	of	mening	or	other	neisseri	infection.	By	use	exon-specif	polymeras	chain	reaction	(pcr)/single-strand	conform	polymorph	as	a	screen	step	and	nucleotid	sequenc	of	target	exons,	we	determin	that	the	proband	wa	a	compound	heterozygot	for	two	C6	gene	mutations.	the	first,	1195delc	locat	in	exon	7,	is	a	novel	mutation,	while	the	second,	1936delg	in	exon	12,	ha	been	describ	befor	to	caus	c6d	in	an	unrel	african-american	individual.	both	mutat	result	in	prematur	termin	codon	and	C6	null	alleles.	allele-specif	pcr	indic	that	the	proband	two	brother	also	inherit	the	1195delc	mutat	from	their	heterozyg	mother	and	the	1936delg	mutat	from	their	homozyg	father.
9733027	sperm	dna	analysi	in	a	friedreich	ataxia	premut	carrier	suggest	both	meiotic	and	mitot	expans	in	the	frda	gene.	friedreich	ataxia	is	usual	caus	by	an	expans	of	a	gaa	trinucleotid	repeat	in	intron	1	of	the	frda	gene.	occasionally,	a	fulli	expand	allel	ha	been	found	to	aris	from	a	premut	of	100	or	less	triplet	repeats.	We	have	examin	the	sperm	dna	of	a	premut	carrier.	thi	man	leucocyt	dna	show	one	normal	allel	and	one	allel	of	approxim	100	repeats.	hi	sperm	show	an	expand	allel	in	a	tight	rang	center	on	a	size	of	approxim	320	trinucleotid	repeats.	hi	affect	son	ha	repeat	size	of	1040	and	540.	these	data	suggest	that	expans	occur	in	two	stages,	the	first	dure	meiosi	follow	by	a	second	mitot	expansion.	We	also	show	that	in	all	inform	carrier	father	to	affect	child	transmissions,	with	the	notabl	except	of	the	premut	carrier,	the	expans	size	decreases.
9506545	eye	movement	abnorm	correl	with	genotyp	in	autosom	domin	cerebellar	ataxia	type	I.	We	compar	horizont	eye	movement	(visual	guid	saccades,	antisaccades,	and	smooth	pursuit)	in	control	subject	(n	=	14)	and	patient	with	three	form	of	autosom	domin	cerebellar	ataxia	type	I	spinocerebellar	ataxia	1	and	2	(sca1,	n	=	11;	sca2,	n	=	10)	and	sca3/machado-joseph	diseas	(mjd)	(n	=	16).	In	sca1,	saccad	amplitud	wa	significantli	increased,	result	in	hypermetria.	the	smooth	pursuit	gain	wa	decreased.	In	sca2,	saccad	veloc	wa	markedli	decreased.	the	percentag	of	error	in	antisaccad	wa	greatli	increas	and	wa	significantli	correl	with	age	at	diseas	onset.	In	addition,	a	correl	between	smooth	pursuit	gain	and	the	number	of	trinucleotid	repeat	wa	found.	In	sca3,	gaze-evok	nystagmu	wa	often	present	as	wa	saccad	hypometria	and	smooth	pursuit	gain	wa	markedli	decreased.	three	major	criteria,	saccad	amplitude,	saccad	velocity,	and	presenc	of	gaze-evok	nystagmus,	permit	the	correct	assign	of	90%	of	the	sca1,	90%	of	the	sca2,	and	93%	of	the	patient	with	sca3	to	their	genet	confirm	patient	group	and,	therefore,	may	help	orient	diagnos	of	sca1,	sca2,	and	sca3	at	earli	clinic	stage	of	the	diseases.
9288106	cluster	of	missens	mutat	in	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	gene	in	a	sporad	t-cell	leukaemia.	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	is	a	recess	multi-system	disord	caus	by	mutat	in	the	atm	gene	at	11q22-q23	(ref.	3).	the	risk	of	cancer,	especi	lymphoid	neoplasias,	is	substanti	elev	in	a-t	patient	and	ha	long	been	associ	with	chromosom	instability.	By	analys	tumour	dna	from	patient	with	sporad	t-cell	prolymphocyt	leukaemia	(t-pll),	a	rare	clonal	malign	with	similar	to	a	matur	t-cell	leukaemia	seen	in	a-t,	we	demonstr	a	high	frequenc	of	atm	mutat	in	t-pll.	In	mark	contrast	to	the	atm	mutat	pattern	in	a-t,	the	most	frequent	nucleotid	chang	in	thi	leukaemia	were	missens	mutations.	these	cluster	in	the	region	correspond	to	the	kinas	domain,	which	is	highli	conserv	in	atm-rel	protein	in	mouse,	yeast	and	drosophila.	the	result	amino-acid	substitut	are	predict	to	interfer	with	atp	bind	or	substrat	recognition.	two	of	seventeen	mutat	t-pll	sampl	had	a	previous	report	a-t	allele.	In	contrast,	no	mutat	were	detect	in	the	p53	gene,	suggest	that	thi	tumour	suppressor	is	not	frequent	alter	in	thi	leukaemia.	occasion	missens	mutat	in	atm	were	also	found	in	tumour	dna	from	patient	with	b-cell	non-hodgkin	lymphoma	(b-nhl)	and	a	b-nhl	cell	line.	the	evid	of	a	signific	proport	of	loss-of-funct	mutat	and	a	complet	absenc	of	the	normal	copi	of	atm	in	the	major	of	mutat	tumour	establish	somat	inactiv	of	thi	gene	in	the	pathogenesi	of	sporad	t-pll	and	suggest	that	atm	act	as	a	tumour	suppressor.	As	constitut	dna	wa	not	available,	a	put	hereditari	predisposit	to	t-pll	will	requir	further	investigation.
9580132	identif	of	a	novel	nonsens	mutat	and	a	missens	substitut	in	the	vasopressin-neurophysin	II	gene	in	two	spanish	kindr	with	famili	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidus.	famili	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	(fndi)	is	an	autosom	domin	diseas	caus	by	defici	in	the	antidiuret	hormon	arginin	vasopressin	(avp)	encod	by	the	avp-neurophysin	II	(avp-npii)	gene	on	chromosom	20p13.	In	thi	study,	we	analyz	two	famili	with	fndi	use	direct	autom	fluorescent,	solid	phase,	single-strand	dna	sequenc	of	pcr-amplifi	avp-npii	dna.	In	one	of	the	families,	affect	individu	present	a	novel	nonsens	mutat	in	exon	3	of	the	gene,	consist	in	a	G	to	T	transit	at	nucleotid	2101,	which	produc	a	stop	signal	in	codon	82	(glu)	of	npii.	the	prematur	termin	elimin	part	of	the	c-termin	domain	of	npii,	includ	a	cystein	residu	in	posit	85,	which	could	be	involv	in	the	correct	fold	of	the	prohormone.	In	the	second	family,	a	g279a	substitut	at	posit	-1	of	the	signal	peptid	wa	observ	in	all	affect	individuals.	thi	missens	mutation,	which	replac	ala	with	thr,	is	frequent	among	fndi	patient	and	is	thought	to	reduc	the	effici	of	cleavag	by	signal	peptidases.
9714764	clone	of	a	novel	member	of	the	low-dens	lipoprotein	receptor	family.	A	gene	encod	a	novel	transmembran	protein	wa	identifi	by	dna	sequenc	analysi	within	the	insulin-depend	diabet	mellitu	(iddm)	locu	iddm4	on	chromosom	11q13.	base	on	it	chromosom	position,	thi	gene	is	a	candid	for	confer	suscept	to	diabetes.	the	gene,	term	low-dens	lipoprotein	receptor	relat	protein	5	(lrp5),	encod	a	protein	of	1615	amino	acid	that	contain	conserv	modul	which	are	characterist	of	the	low-dens	lipoprotein	(ldl)	receptor	family.	these	modul	includ	a	put	signal	peptid	for	protein	export,	four	epiderm	growth	factor	(egf)	repeat	with	associ	spacer	domains,	three	ldl-receptor	(ldlr)	repeats,	a	singl	transmembran	span	domain,	and	a	cytoplasm	domain.	the	encod	protein	ha	a	uniqu	organ	of	egf	and	ldlr	repeats;	therefore,	lrp5	like	repres	a	new	categori	of	the	ldlr	family.	both	human	and	mous	lrp5	cdna	have	been	isol	and	the	encod	matur	protein	are	95%	identical,	indic	a	high	degre	of	evolutionari	conservation.
9792409	atm	germlin	mutat	in	classic	ataxia-telangiectasia	patient	in	the	dutch	population.	germlin	mutat	in	the	atm	gene	are	respons	for	the	autosom	recess	disord	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t).	In	our	study,	we	have	determin	the	atm	mutat	spectrum	in	19	classic	a-t	patients,	includ	some	immigr	populations,	as	well	as	12	of	dutch	ethnic	origin.	both	the	protein	truncat	test	(ptt)	and	the	restrict	endonucleas	fingerprint	(ref)	method	were	use	and	compar	for	their	detect	efficiency,	identifi	76%	and	60%	of	the	mutations,	respectively.	most	patient	were	found	to	be	compound	heterozygote.	seventeen	mutat	were	distinct,	of	which	10	were	not	report	previously.	mutat	are	small	delet	or	point	mutat	frequent	affect	splice	sites.	moreover,	a	16.	7-kb	genom	delet	of	the	3	end	of	the	gene,	most	like	a	result	of	recombin	between	two	line	elements,	wa	identified.	the	most	frequent	found	mutation,	identifi	in	three	unrel	turkish	a-t	individuals,	wa	previous	describ	to	be	a	turkish	a-t	founder	mutation.	the	presenc	of	a	founder	mutat	among	rel	small	ethnic	popul	group	in	western	europ	could	indic	a	high	carrier	frequenc	in	such	communities.	In	patient	of	dutch	ethnic	origin,	however,	no	signific	founder	effect	could	be	identified.	the	observ	genet	heterogen	includ	the	rel	high	percentag	of	splice-sit	mutat	had	no	reflect	on	the	phenotype.	all	patient	manifest	classic	a-t	and	increas	cellular	radioresist	dna	synthesi
9867744	diagnosi	of	hemochromatosis.	If	untreated,	hemochromatosi	can	caus	seriou	ill	and	earli	death,	but	the	diseas	is	still	substanti	under-diagnosed.	the	cornerston	of	screen	and	case	detect	is	the	measur	of	serum	transferrin	satur	and	the	serum	ferritin	level.	onc	the	diagnosi	is	suspected,	physician	must	use	serum	ferritin	level	and	hepat	iron	store	on	liver	biopsi	specimen	to	assess	patient	for	the	presenc	of	iron	overload.	liver	biopsi	is	also	use	to	establish	the	presenc	or	absenc	of	cirrhosis,	which	can	affect	prognosi	and	management.	A	dna-bas	test	for	the	hfe	gene	is	commerci	available,	but	it	place	in	the	diagnosi	of	hemochromatosi	is	still	be	evaluated.	currently,	the	most	use	role	for	thi	test	is	in	the	detect	of	hemochromatosi	in	the	famili	member	of	patient	with	a	proven	case	of	the	disease.	It	is	crucial	to	diagnos	hemochromatosi	befor	hepat	cirrhosi	develop	becaus	phlebotomi	therapi	can	avert	seriou	chronic	diseas	and	can	even	lead	to	normal	life	expectancy.
9482572	pax6	mutat	reviewed.	mutat	in	pax6	are	respons	for	human	aniridia	and	have	also	been	found	in	patient	with	peter	anomaly,	with	congenit	cataracts,	with	autosom	domin	keratitis,	and	with	isol	foveal	hypoplasia.	No	locu	other	than	chromosom	11p13	ha	been	implic	in	aniridia,	and	pax6	is	clearli	the	major,	if	not	only,	gene	responsible.	twenty-eight	percent	of	identifi	pax6	mutat	are	c-t	chang	at	cpg	dinucleotides,	20%	are	splice	errors,	and	more	than	30%	are	delet	or	insert	events.	there	is	a	notic	elev	level	of	mutat	in	the	pair	domain	compar	with	the	rest	of	the	gene.	increas	mutat	in	the	homeodomain	is	account	for	by	the	hypermut	cpg	dinucleotid	in	codon	240.	veri	nearli	all	mutat	appear	to	caus	loss	of	function	of	the	mutant	allele,	and	more	than	80%	of	exon	substitut	result	in	nonsens	codons.	In	a	gene	with	such	extraordinarili	high	sequenc	conserv	throughout	evolution,	there	are	presum	undiscov	missens	mutations,	these	are	hypothes	to	exist	in	as-yet	unidentifi	phenotypes.
9674906	schwartz-jampel	syndrom	type	2	and	stuve-wiedemann	syndrome:	a	case	for	"lumping".	recent	studi	demonstr	the	exist	of	a	genet	distinct,	usual	lethal	form	of	the	schwartz-jampel	syndrom	(sjs)	of	myotonia	and	skelet	dysplasia,	which	we	call	sj	type	2.	thi	disord	is	reminisc	of	anoth	rare	condition,	the	stuve-wiedemann	syndrom	(sws),	which	compris	campomelia	at	birth	with	skelet	dysplasia,	contractures,	and	earli	death.	To	test	for	possibl	nosolog	ident	between	these	disorders,	we	review	the	literatur	and	obtain	a	follow-up	of	the	onli	two	surviv	patients,	one	with	sj	type	2	at	age	10	year	and	anoth	with	sw	at	age	7	years.	patient	report	as	have	either	neonat	sj	or	sw	present	a	combin	of	a	severe,	prenatal-onset	neuromuscular	disord	(with	congenit	joint	contractures,	respiratori	and	feed	difficulties,	tendenc	to	hyperthermia,	and	frequent	death	in	infancy)	with	a	distinct	campomelic-metaphys	skelet	dysplasia.	the	similar	of	the	clinic	and	radiograph	find	is	so	extens	that	these	disord	appear	to	be	a	singl	entity.	the	follow-up	observ	of	an	ident	and	uniqu	pattern	of	progress	bone	dysplasia	in	the	two	patient	(one	with	sj	type	2,	one	with	sws)	surviv	beyond	infanc	add	to	the	evid	in	favor	of	identity.	the	hypothesi	that	sw	and	sj	type	2	are	the	same	disord	should	be	testabl	by	molecular	methods.
9536083	the	185delag	brca1	mutat	origin	befor	the	dispers	of	jew	in	the	diaspora	and	is	not	limit	to	ashkenazim.	the	185delag	mutat	in	brca1	is	detect	in	ashkenazi	jew	both	in	famili	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	and	in	the	gener	population.	all	test	ashkenazi	mutat	carrier	share	the	same	allel	pattern	at	the	brca1	locus.	our	previou	studi	show	that	thi	ashkenazi	mutat	also	occur	in	iraqi	jew	with	a	similar	allel	pattern.	We	extend	our	analysi	to	other	non-ashkenazi	subset	354	of	moroccan	origin,	200	yemenit	and	150	iranian	jews.	heteroduplex	analysi	complement	by	direct	dna	sequenc	of	abnorm	migrat	band	were	employed.	four	of	moroccan	origin	(1.	1%)	and	none	of	the	yemenit	or	iranian	wa	a	carrier	of	the	185delag	mutation.	brca1	allel	pattern	were	determin	for	four	of	these	individu	and	for	12	addit	non-ashkenazi	185delag	mutat	carrier	who	had	breast/ovarian	cancer.	six	non-ashkenazi	individu	share	the	common	ashkenazi	haplotype,	four	had	a	close	relat	pattern,	and	the	rest	(n	=	6)	display	a	distinct	brca1	allel	pattern.	We	conclud	that	the	185delag	brca1	mutat	occur	in	some	non-ashkenazi	popul	at	rate	compar	with	that	of	ashkenazim.	the	major	of	jewish	185delag	mutat	carrier	have	a	common	allel	pattern,	support	the	founder	effect	notion,	but	date	the	mutat	origin	to	an	earlier	date	than	current	estimated.	however,	the	differ	allel	pattern	at	the	brca1	locu	even	in	some	jewish	mutat	carriers,	might	suggest	that	the	mutat	aros	independently.
9400934	the	rb1	gene	mutat	in	a	child	with	ectop	intracrani	retinoblastoma.	the	rb1	gene	mutat	wa	investig	in	a	child	with	ectop	intracrani	retinoblastoma	use	dna	obtain	from	both	the	pineal	and	retin	tumour	of	the	patient.	A	nonsens	mutat	in	exon	17	(codon	556)	of	the	rb1	gene	wa	found	to	be	present	homozyg	in	both	the	retin	and	the	pineal	tumours.	the	same	mutat	wa	present	heterozyg	in	the	dna	from	the	constitut	cell	of	the	patient,	prove	it	to	be	of	germlin	origin.	the	initi	mutat	wa	shown	to	have	occur	in	the	patern	deriv	rb1	allele.	the	mutat	is	in	an	area	of	the	gene	that	encod	the	protein-bind	region	known	as	the	pocket	region	and	ha	been	detect	in	other	case	of	retinoblastoma.
9729124	genom	structur	of	the	human	congenit	chlorid	diarrhea	(cld)	gene.	congenit	chlorid	diarrhea	(cld)	is	caus	by	mutat	in	a	gene	which	encod	an	intestin	anion	transporter.	We	report	here	the	complet	genom	organ	of	the	human	cld	gene	which	span	approxim	39kb,	and	compris	21	exons.	all	exon/intron	boundari	conform	to	the	gt/ag	rule.	An	analysi	of	the	put	promot	region	sequenc	show	a	put	tata	box	and	predict	multipl	transcript	factor	bind	sites.	the	genom	structur	wa	determin	use	dna	from	sever	sourc	includ	multipl	large-insert	libari	and	genom	dna	from	finnish	cld	patient	and	controls.	exon-specif	primer	develop	in	thi	studi	will	facilit	mutat	screen	studi	of	patient	with	the	disease.	genom	sequenc	of	a	bac	clone	h_rg364p16	reveal	the	presenc	of	another,	highli	homolog	gene	3	of	the	cld	gene,	with	a	similar	genom	structure,	recent	identifi	as	the	pendr	syndrom	gene	(pds).
9585605	mutat	analysi	of	ube3a	in	angelman	syndrom	patients.	angelman	syndrom	(as)	is	caus	by	chromosom	15q11-q13	delet	of	matern	origin,	by	patern	uniparent	disomi	(upd)	15,	by	imprint	defects,	and	by	mutat	in	the	ube3a	gene.	ube3a	encod	a	ubiquitin-protein	ligas	and	show	brain-specif	imprinting.	here	we	describ	ube3a	coding-region	mutat	detect	by	sscp	analysi	in	13	AS	individu	or	families.	two	ident	de	novo	5-bp	duplic	in	exon	16	were	found.	among	the	other	11	uniqu	mutations,	8	were	small	delet	or	insert	predict	to	caus	frameshifts,	1	wa	a	mutat	to	a	stop	codon,	1	wa	a	missens	mutation,	and	1	wa	predict	to	caus	insert	of	an	isoleucin	in	the	hect	domain	of	the	ube3a	protein,	which	function	in	E2	bind	and	ubiquitin	transfer.	eight	of	the	case	were	familial,	and	five	were	sporadic.	In	two	famili	case	and	one	sporad	case,	mosaic	for	ube3a	mutat	wa	detect	in	the	mother	of	three	AS	sons,	in	the	matern	grandfath	of	two	AS	first	cousins,	and	in	the	mother	of	an	AS	daughter.	the	frequenc	with	which	we	detect	mutat	were	5	(14%)	of	35	in	sporad	case	and	8	(80%)	of	10	in	famili	cases.
9360520	autosom	domin	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	associ	with	a	missens	mutat	encod	gly23-->val	in	neurophysin	ii.	autosom	domin	neurohypophys	diabet	insipidu	(adndi)	is	an	inherit	diseas	caus	by	progress	degener	of	the	magnocellular	neuron	of	the	hypothalamu	lead	to	decreas	abil	to	produc	the	hormon	arginin	vasopressin	(avp).	affect	individu	are	not	symptomat	at	birth,	but	usual	develop	diabet	insipidu	at	1-6	yr	of	age.	the	genet	locu	of	the	diseas	is	the	avp-neurophysin	II	(npii)	gene,	and	mutat	that	caus	adndi	have	been	found	in	both	the	signal	peptid	of	the	prepro-avp-npii	precursor	and	within	npii	itself.	An	affect	girl	who	present	at	9	month	of	age	and	her	similarli	affect	younger	brother	and	father	were	all	found	to	have	a	novel	missens	mutat	(g1758--	>	T)	encod	the	amino	acid	substitut	gly23--	>	val	within	npii.	the	mutat	wa	confirm	by	restrict	endonucleas	analysis.	A	t1-weight	magnet	reson	imag	of	the	father	pituitari	gland	demonstr	an	attenu	posterior	pituitari	bright	spot.	thi	mutat	may	be	valuabl	for	develop	model	of	dominantli	inherit	neurodegeneration,	as	the	earli	age	of	onset	of	symptom	suggest	that	thi	mutat	may	be	particularli	deleteri	to	the	magnocellular	neuron.
9709714	revers	of	sever	hypertroph	cardiomyopathi	and	excel	neuropsycholog	outcom	in	very-long-chain	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogenas	deficiency.	very-long-chain	acyl-coenzym	A	dehydrogenas	(vlcad)	defici	is	a	disord	of	fatti	acid	beta	oxid	that	reportedli	ha	high	rate	of	morbid	and	mortality.	We	describ	the	outcom	of	a	5-year-old	girl	with	vlcad	defici	who	wa	first	seen	at	5	month	of	age	with	sever	hypertroph	cardiomyopathy,	hepatomegaly,	encephalopathy,	and	hypotonia.	biochem	studi	indic	vlcad	defici	caus	by	a	stabl	yet	inact	enzyme.	molecular	genet	analysi	of	her	vlcad	gene	reveal	a	t1372c	(f458l)	missens	mutat	and	a	1668	acag	1669	splice	site	mutation.	after	initi	treatment	with	intraven	glucos	and	carnitine,	the	patient	ha	thrive	on	a	low-fat	diet	supplement	with	medium-chain	triglycerid	oil	and	carnitin	and	avoid	of	fasting.	her	ventricular	hypertrophi	resolv	significantli	over	1	year,	and	cognitively,	she	is	in	the	superior	rang	for	age.	clinic	recognit	of	vlcad	defici	is	import	becaus	it	is	one	of	the	few	directli	treatabl	caus	of	cardiomyopathi	in	children.
9600235	mutat	of	the	atm	gene	detect	in	japanes	ataxia-telangiectasia	patients:	possibl	preponder	of	the	two	founder	mutat	4612del165	and	7883del5.	the	atm	(a-t,	mutated)	gene	on	human	chromosom	11q22.	3	ha	recent	been	identifi	as	the	gene	respons	for	the	human	recess	diseas	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t).	In	order	to	defin	the	type	of	disease-caus	atm	mutat	in	japanes	a-t	patient	as	well	as	to	look	for	possibl	mutat	hotspots,	reverse-transcrib	rna	deriv	from	ten	patient	belong	to	eight	unrel	japanes	a-t	famili	wa	analyz	for	mutat	by	the	restrict	endonucleas	fingerprint	method.	As	ha	been	report	by	others,	mutat	that	lead	to	exon	skip	or	prematur	protein	truncat	were	also	predomin	in	our	mutants.	six	differ	mutat	were	identifi	on	12	of	the	16	allel	examined.	four	were	delet	involv	a	loss	of	a	singl	exon	exon	7,	exon	16,	exon	33	or	exon	35.	the	other	were	minut	deletions,	4649dela	in	exon	33	and	7883del5	in	exon	55.	the	mutat	4612del165	and	7883del5	were	found	in	more	than	two	unrel	families;	44%	(7	of	16)	of	the	mutant	allel	had	one	of	the	two	mutations.	the	4612del165	mutat	in	three	differ	famili	were	all	ascrib	to	the	same	t--	>	A	substitut	at	the	splice	donor	site	in	intron	33.	microsatellit	genotyp	around	the	atm	locu	also	indic	that	a	common	haplotyp	wa	share	by	the	mutant	allel	in	both	mutations.	thi	suggest	that	these	two	founder	mutat	may	be	predomin	among	japanes	atm	mutant	allel
9770531	down-regul	of	transmembran	carbon	anhydras	in	renal	cell	carcinoma	cell	line	by	wild-typ	von	hippel-lindau	transgenes.	To	discov	gene	involv	in	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	-mediat	carcinogenesis,	we	use	renal	cell	carcinoma	cell	line	stabli	transfect	with	wild-typ	vhl-express	transgenes.	large-scal	rna	differenti	display	technolog	appli	to	these	cell	line	identifi	sever	differenti	express	genes,	includ	an	alpha	carbon	anhydras	gene,	term	ca12.	the	deduc	protein	sequenc	wa	classifi	as	a	one-pass	transmembran	CA	possess	an	appar	intact	catalyt	domain	in	the	extracellular	CA	module.	reintroduc	wild-typ	vhl	strongli	inhibit	the	overexpress	of	the	ca12	gene	in	the	parent	renal	cell	carcinoma	cell	lines.	similar	result	were	obtain	with	ca9,	encod	anoth	transmembran	CA	with	an	intact	catalyt	domain.	although	both	domain	of	the	vhl	protein	contribut	to	regul	of	ca12	expression,	the	elongin	bind	domain	alon	could	effect	regul	ca9	expression.	We	map	ca12	and	ca9	loci	to	chromosom	band	15q22	and	17q21.	2	respectively,	region	prone	to	amplif	in	some	human	cancers.	addit	experi	are	need	to	defin	the	role	of	CA	IX	and	CA	xii	enzym	in	the	regul	of	pH	in	the	extracellular	microenviron	and	it	potenti	impact	on	cancer	cell	growth
9385378	A	novel	common	missens	mutat	g301c	in	the	n-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulf	sulfatas	gene	in	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva.	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva	(mp	iva)	is	an	autosom	recess	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	a	genet	defect	in	n-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulf	sulfatas	(galns).	In	previou	studies,	we	have	found	two	common	mutat	in	caucasian	and	japanese,	respectively.	To	character	the	mutat	spectrum	in	variou	ethnic	groups,	mutat	in	the	galn	gene	in	colombian	mp	iva	patient	were	investigated,	and	genet	background	were	extens	analyz	to	identifi	racial	origin,	base	on	mitochondri	dna	(mtdna)	lineages.	three	novel	missens	mutat	never	identifi	previous	in	other	popul	and	found	in	16	out	of	19	colombian	mp	iva	unrel	allel	account	for	84.	2%	of	the	allel	in	thi	study.	the	g301c	and	s162f	mutat	account	for	68.	4%	and	10.	5%	of	mutations,	respectively,	wherea	the	remain	f69v	is	limit	to	a	singl	allele.	the	skew	preval	of	g301c	in	onli	colombian	patient	and	haplotyp	analysi	by	restrict	fragment	length	polymorph	in	the	galn	gene	suggest	that	g301c	origin	from	a	common	ancestor.	investig	of	the	genet	background	by	mean	of	mtdna	lineag	indic	that	all	our	patient	are	probabl	of	nativ	american	descen
9603435	w474c	amino	acid	substitut	affect	earli	process	of	the	alpha-subunit	of	beta-hexosaminidas	A	and	is	associ	with	subacut	g(m2)	gangliosidosis.	mutat	in	the	hexa	gene,	encod	the	alpha-subunit	of	beta-hexosaminidas	A	(hex	a),	that	abolish	hex	A	enzym	activ	caus	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd),	the	fatal	infantil	form	of	G	(m2)	gangliosidosis,	type	1.	less	severe,	subacut	(juvenile-onset)	and	chronic	(adult-onset)	variant	are	character	by	a	broad	spectrum	of	clinic	manifest	and	are	associ	with	residu	level	of	hex	A	enzym	activity.	We	identifi	a	1422	g--	>	C	(amino	acid	w474c)	substitut	in	the	first	posit	of	exon	13	of	hexa	of	a	non-jewish	proband	who	manifest	a	subacut	variant	of	G	(m2)	gangliosidosis.	On	the	second	matern	inherit	allele,	we	identifi	the	common	infantil	disease-caus	4-bp	insertion,	+	tatc	1278,	in	exon	11.	pulse-chas	analysi	use	proband	fibroblast	reveal	that	the	w474c-contain	alpha-subunit	precursor	wa	normal	synthesized,	but	not	phosphoryl	or	secreted,	and	the	matur	lysosom	alpha-subunit	wa	not	detected.	when	the	w474c-contain	alpha-subunit	wa	transient	co-express	with	the	beta-subunit	to	produc	hex	A	(alphabeta)	in	cos-7	cells,	the	matur	alpha-subunit	wa	present,	but	it	level	wa	much	lower	than	that	from	normal	alpha-subunit	transfections,	although	higher	than	in	those	cell	transfect	with	an	alpha-subunit	associ	with	infantil	tsd.	furthermore,	the	precursor	level	of	the	w474c	alpha-subunit	wa	found	to	accumul	in	comparison	to	the	normal	alpha-subunit	precursor	levels.	We	conclud	that	the	1422	g--	>	C	mutat	is	the	caus	of	hex	A	enzym	defici	in	the	proband.	the	result	w474c	substitut	clearli	interfer	with	alpha-subunit	processing,	but	becaus	the	base	substitut	fall	at	the	first	posit	of	exon	13,	aberr	splice	may	also	contribut	to	hex	A	defici	in	thi	proband.
9294109	myoton	dystrophi	protein	kinas	is	involv	in	the	modul	of	the	ca2+	homeostasi	in	skelet	muscl	cells.	myoton	dystrophi	(dm),	the	most	preval	muscular	disord	in	adults,	is	caus	by	(ctg)	n-repeat	expans	in	a	gene	encod	a	protein	kinas	(dm	protein	kinase;	dmpk)	and	involv	chang	in	cytoarchitectur	and	ion	homeostasis.	To	obtain	clue	to	the	normal	biolog	role	of	dmpk	in	cellular	ion	homeostasis,	we	have	compar	the	rest	[ca2	+]	i,	the	amplitud	and	shape	of	depolarization-induc	ca2	+	transients,	and	the	content	of	atp-driven	ion	pump	in	cultur	skelet	muscl	cell	of	wild-typ	and	dmpk	[-/-]	knockout	mice.	In	vitro-differenti	dmpk	[-/-]	myotub	exhibit	a	higher	rest	[ca2	+]	i	than	do	wild-typ	myotub	becaus	of	an	alter	open	probabl	of	voltage-depend	l-type	ca2	+	and	Na	+	channels.	the	mutant	myotub	exhibit	smaller	and	slower	ca2	+	respons	upon	trigger	by	acetylcholin	or	high	extern	K	+.	In	addition,	we	observ	that	these	ca2	+	transient	partial	result	from	an	influx	of	extracellular	ca2	+	through	the	l-type	ca2	+	channel.	neither	the	content	nor	the	activ	of	Na	+/k	+	atpas	and	sarcoplasm	reticulum	ca2	+	-atpas	are	affect	by	dmpk	absence.	In	conclusion,	our	data	suggest	that	dmpk	is	involv	in	modul	the	initi	event	of	excitation-contract	coupl	in	skelet	muscle.
9618170	insert	mutat	by	transpos	element,	l1,	in	the	dmd	gene	result	in	x-link	dilat	cardiomyopathy.	x-link	dilat	cardiomyopathi	(xldcm)	is	a	clinic	phenotyp	of	dystrophinopathi	which	is	character	by	preferenti	myocardi	involv	without	ani	overt	clinic	sign	of	skelet	myopathy.	To	date,	sever	mutat	in	the	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	gene,	dmd,	have	been	identifi	in	patient	with	xldcm,	but	a	pathogen	correl	of	these	cardiospecif	mutat	in	dmd	with	the	xldcm	phenotyp	ha	remain	to	be	elucidated.	We	report	here	the	identif	of	a	uniqu	de	novo	L1	insert	in	the	muscl	exon	1	in	dmd	in	three	xldcm	patient	from	two	unrel	japanes	families.	the	insert	wa	a	5-truncat	form	of	human	L1	invers	integr	in	the	5-untransl	region	in	the	muscl	exon	1,	which	affect	the	transcript	or	the	stabil	of	the	muscl	form	of	dystrophin	transcript	but	not	that	of	the	brain	or	purkinj	cell	form,	probabl	due	to	it	uniqu	site	of	integration.	We	specul	that	thi	insert	of	an	L1	sequenc	in	dmd	is	respons	for	some	of	the	popul	of	japanes	patient	with	xldcm.
9585583	genet	heterogen	of	saethre-chotzen	syndrome,	due	to	twist	and	fgfr	mutations.	thirty-two	unrel	patient	with	featur	of	saethre-chotzen	syndrome,	a	common	autosom	domin	condit	of	craniosynostosi	and	limb	anomalies,	were	screen	for	mutat	in	twist,	fgfr2,	and	fgfr3.	nine	novel	and	three	recurr	twist	mutat	were	found	in	12	families.	seven	famili	were	found	to	have	the	fgfr3	p250r	mutation,	and	one	individu	wa	found	to	have	an	fgfr2	vv269-270	deletion.	To	date,	our	detect	rate	for	twist	or	fgfr	mutat	is	68%	in	our	saethre-chotzen	syndrom	patients,	includ	our	five	patient	elsewher	report	with	twist	mutations.	more	than	35	differ	twist	mutat	are	now	known	in	the	literature.	the	most	common	phenotyp	features,	present	in	more	than	a	third	of	our	patient	with	twist	mutations,	are	coron	synostosis,	brachycephaly,	low	frontal	hairline,	facial	asymmetry,	ptosis,	hypertelorism,	broad	great	toes,	and	clinodactyly.	signific	intra-	and	interfamili	phenotyp	variabl	is	present	for	either	twist	mutat	or	fgfr	mutations.	the	overlap	in	clinic	featur	and	the	presence,	in	the	same	genes,	of	mutat	for	more	than	one	craniosynostot	condition-such	as	saethre-chotzen,	crouzon,	and	pfeiffer	syndromes-support	the	hypothesi	that	twist	and	fgfr	are	compon	of	the	same	molecular	pathway	involv	in	the	modul	of	craniofaci	and	limb	develop	in	humans.
9371490	frequent	inactiv	of	pten/mmac1	in	primari	prostat	cancer.	sporad	prostat	carcinoma	is	the	most	common	male	cancer	in	the	western	world,	yet	mani	of	the	major	genet	event	involv	in	the	progress	of	thi	often	fatal	cancer	remain	to	be	elucidated.	numer	cytogenet	and	allelotyp	studi	have	report	frequent	loss	of	heterozygos	on	chromosom	arm	10q	in	sporad	prostat	cancer.	delet	map	studi	have	unambigu	identifi	a	region	of	chromosom	10q23	to	be	the	minim	area	of	loss.	A	new	tumor	suppressor	gene,	pten/mmac1,	wa	isol	recent	at	thi	region	of	chromosom	10q23	and	found	to	be	inactiv	by	mutat	in	three	prostat	cancer	cell	lines.	We	screen	80	prostat	tumor	by	microsatellit	analysi	and	found	chromosom	10q23	to	be	delet	in	23	cases.	We	then	proceed	with	sequenc	analysi	of	the	entir	pten/mmac1	code	region	and	test	for	homozyg	delet	with	new	intragen	marker	in	these	23	case	with	10q23	loss	of	heterozygosity.	the	identif	of	the	second	mutat	event	in	10	(43%)	tumor	establish	pten/mmac1	as	a	main	inactiv	target	of	10q	loss	in	sporad	prostat	cancer.
9521421	molecular	heterogen	in	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva	in	australia	and	northern	ireland:	nine	novel	mutat	includ	t312s,	a	common	allel	that	confer	a	mild	phenotype.	mucopolysaccharidosi	iva	(mp	iva)	is	an	autosom	recess	lysosom	storag	disord	caus	by	a	genet	defect	in	n-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulf	sulfatas	(galns).	previou	studi	of	patient	from	a	british-irish	popul	show	that	the	i113f	mutat	is	the	most	common	singl	mutat	among	mp	iva	patient	and	produc	a	sever	clinic	phenotype.	We	studi	mutat	in	the	galn	gene	from	23	addit	mp	iva	patient	(15	from	australia,	8	from	northern	ireland),	with	variou	clinic	phenotyp	(severe,	16	cases;	intermediate,	4	cases;	mild,	3	cases).	We	found	two	common	mutat	that	togeth	account	for	32%	of	the	44	unrel	allel	in	these	patients.	one	is	the	t312	mutation,	a	novel	mutat	found	exclus	in	milder	patients.	the	other	is	the	previous	describ	i113f	that	produc	a	sever	phenotype.	the	i113f	and	t312	mutat	account	for	8	(18%)	and	6	(14%)	of	44	unrel	alleles,	respectively.	the	rel	high	residu	galn	activ	seen	when	the	t312	mutant	cdna	is	overexpress	in	mutant	cell	provid	an	explan	for	the	mild	phenotyp	in	patient	with	thi	mutation.	the	distribut	and	rel	frequenc	of	the	i113f	and	t312	mutat	in	australia	correspond	to	those	observ	in	northern	ireland	and	are	uniqu	to	these	two	populations,	suggest	that	both	mutat	were	probabl	introduc	to	australia	by	irish	migrant	dure	the	19th	century.	haplotyp	analysi	use	6	rflp	provid	addit	data	that	the	i113f	mutat	origin	from	a	common	ancestor.	the	other	9	novel	mutat	identifi	in	these	23	patient	were	each	limit	to	a	singl	family.	these	data	provid	further	evid	for	extens	allel	heterogen	in	mp	iva	in	british-irish	patient	and	provid	evid	for	their	transmiss	to	australia	by	british-irish	migrants.
9852676	further	evid	for	a	major	ancient	mutat	underli	myoton	dystrophi	from	linkag	disequilibrium	studi	in	the	japanes	population.	the	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	mutat	is	an	unstabl	(ctg)	n	repeat,	present	at	a	copi	number	of	5-37	repeat	on	normal	chromosom	but	amplifi	to	50-3000	copi	on	DM	chromosomes.	previou	find	in	caucasian	popul	of	a	DM	founder	chromosom	rais	a	question	about	the	molecular	event	involv	in	the	expans	mutation.	To	investig	whether	a	founder	chromosom	for	the	DM	mutat	exist	in	the	japanes	population,	we	genotyp	famili	use	polymorph	marker	near	the	(ctg)	n	repeat	region	and	construct	haplotypes.	six	differ	haplotyp	were	found	and	DM	allel	were	alway	haplotyp	A.	To	find	an	origin	of	the	(ctg)	n	repeat	mutat	and	to	investig	the	mechan	of	the	expans	mutat	in	the	japanes	popul	we	have	studi	90	japanes	DM	famili	compris	190	affect	and	130	unaffect	members.	the	result	suggest	that	a	few	common	ancestr	mutat	in	both	caucasian	and	japanes	popul	have	origin	by	expans	of	an	ancestr	n	=	5	repeat	to	n	=	19-37	copies.	these	data	support	multistep	model	of	triplet	repeat	expans	that	have	been	propos	for	both	DM	and	friedreich	ataxia.
9425228	preval	of	p16	and	cdk4	germlin	mutat	in	48	melanoma-pron	famili	in	france.	the	french	famili	melanoma	studi	group.	germlin	mutat	in	the	p16	and	cdk4	gene	have	been	report	in	a	subset	of	melanoma	pedigrees,	but	their	preval	is	not	well	known.	We	search	for	such	germlin	mutat	in	48	french	melanoma-pron	famili	select	accord	to	two	major	criteria	famili	with	at	least	three	affect	member	(n	=	20)	or	famili	with	two	affect	members,	one	of	them	affect	befor	the	age	of	50	(n	=	28),	and	one	addit	minor	criterion.	sixteen	differ	p16	germlin	mutat	were	found	in	21	families,	while	one	germlin	mutation,	arg24his,	wa	detect	in	the	cdk4	gene.	the	frequenc	of	p16	gene	mutat	in	our	sampl	(44%)	is	among	the	highest	rate	yet	report	and	the	cdk4	mutat	is	the	second	mutat	detect	in	thi	gene	worldwide.	In	summary,	our	result	show	frequent	involv	of	the	p16	gene	in	famili	melanoma	and	confirm	the	role	of	the	cdk4	gene	as	a	melanoma-predispos	gene.
9888388	systemat	analysi	of	coproporphyrinogen	oxidas	gene	defect	in	hereditari	coproporphyria	and	mutat	update.	hereditari	coproporphyria	(hc)	is	an	acut	hepat	porphyria	with	autosom	domin	inherit	caus	by	defici	activ	of	coproporphyrinogen	iii	oxidas	(cpo).	clinic	manifest	of	the	diseas	are	character	by	acut	attack	of	neurolog	dysfunct	often	precipit	by	drugs,	fasting,	cyclic	hormon	changes,	or	infecti	diseases.	skin	photosensit	may	also	be	present.	the	seven	exons,	the	exon/intron	boundari	and	part	of	3	noncod	sequenc	of	the	cpo	gene	were	systemat	analyz	by	an	exon-by-exon	denatur	gradient	gel	electrophoresi	(dgge)	strategi	follow	by	direct	sequenc	in	seven	unrel	heterozyg	HC	patient	from	france,	holland,	and	czech	republic.	seven	novel	mutat	and	two	new	polymorph	were	detected.	among	these	mutat	two	are	missens	(g197w,	w427r),	two	are	nonsens	(q306x,	q385x),	two	are	small	delet	(662de14bp;	1168del3bp	remov	a	glycin	at	posit	390),	and	one	is	a	splice	mutat	(ivs1-15c--	>	g)	which	creat	a	new	acceptor	splice	site.	the	patholog	signific	of	the	point	mutat	g197w,	w427r,	and	the	in-fram	delet	390delgli	were	assess	by	their	respect	express	in	a	prokaryot	system	use	site-direct	mutagenesis.	these	mutat	result	in	the	absenc	or	a	dramat	decreas	of	cpo	activity.	the	two	polymorph	were	local	in	noncod	part	of	the	gene	1)	a	c/g	polymorph	in	the	promotor	region,	142	bp	upstream	from	the	transcript	initi	site	(-142c/g),	and	2)	a	6	bp	delet	polymorph	in	the	3	noncod	part	of	the	cpo	gene,	574	bp	downstream	of	the	last	base	of	the	normal	termin	codon	(+	574	delattctt).	five	intragen	dimorph	are	now	well	character	and	the	high	degre	of	allel	heterogen	in	HC	is	demonstr	with	seven	new	differ	mutat	make	a	total	of	nineteen	cpo	gene	defect	report	so	far.
9463309	the	haptoglobin-gen	delet	respons	for	anhaptoglobinemia.	We	have	found	an	allel	delet	of	the	haptoglobin	(hp)	gene	from	an	individu	with	anhaptoglobinemia.	the	Hp	gene	cluster	consist	of	code	region	of	the	alpha	chain	and	beta	chain	of	the	haptoglobin	gene	(hp)	and	of	the	alpha	chain	and	beta	chain	of	the	haptoglobin-rel	gene	(hpr),	in	tandem	from	the	5	side.	southern	blot	and	pcr	analys	have	indic	that	the	individu	with	anhaptoglobinemia	wa	homozyg	for	the	gene	delet	and	that	the	gene	delet	wa	includ	at	least	from	the	promot	region	of	Hp	to	hpr	alpha	but	not	to	hpr	beta	(hpdel).	In	addition,	we	found	seven	individu	with	hypohaptoglobinemia	in	three	families,	and	the	genotyp	of	six	of	the	seven	individu	were	found	to	be	hp2/hpdel.	the	phenotyp	and	genotyp	in	one	of	these	three	famili	show	the	father	to	be	hypohaptoglobinem	(hp2)	and	hp2/hpdel,	the	mother	to	be	hp2-1	and	hp1/hp2,	one	of	the	two	children	to	be	hypohaptoglobinem	(hp2)	and	hp2/hpdel,	and	the	other	child	to	be	hp1	and	hp1/hpdel,	show	an	anomal	inherit	of	Hp	phenotyp	in	the	child	with	hp1.	the	hp2/hpdel	individu	had	an	extrem	low	level	of	Hp	(mean	+/-sd	=	0.	049	+/-0.	043	mg/ml;	n	=	6),	compar	with	the	level	(1.	64	+/-1.	07	mg/ml)	obtain	from	52	healthi	volunt	have	phenotyp	hp2,	wherea	the	serum	Hp	level	of	an	individu	with	hp1/hpdel	wa	0.	50	mg/ml,	which	wa	approxim	half	the	level	of	Hp	in	control	sera	from	the	hp1	phenotyp	(1.	26	+/-0.	33	mg/ml;	n	=	9),	show	a	gene-dosag	effect.	the	other	allel	(hp2)	of	individu	with	hp2/hpdel	wa	found	to	have,	in	all	exons,	no	mutation,	by	dna	sequencing.	On	the	basi	of	the	present	study,	the	mechan	of	anhaptoglobinemia	and	the	mechan	of	anomal	inherit	of	Hp	phenotyp	were	well	explained.	however,	the	mechan	of	hypohaptoglobinemia	remain	unknow
9585611	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli.	germ-lin	mutat	of	the	tumor	suppressor	apc	are	implic	in	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli	(aapc),	a	variant	of	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap).	aapc	is	recogn	by	the	occurr	of	<	100	colon	adenoma	and	a	later	onset	of	colorect	cancer	(age	>	40	years).	the	aim	of	thi	studi	wa	to	assess	genotype-phenotyp	correl	in	aapc	families.	By	protein-trunc	test	(ptt)	assay,	the	entir	code	region	of	the	apc	gene	wa	screen	in	affect	individu	from	11	aapc	kindreds,	and	their	phenotyp	differ	were	examined.	five	novel	germ-lin	apc	mutat	were	identifi	in	seven	kindreds.	mutat	were	locat	in	three	differ	region	of	the	apc	gene	(1)	at	the	5	end	span	exon	4	and	5,	(2)	within	exon	9,	and	(3)	at	the	3	distal	end	of	the	gene.	variabl	in	the	number	of	colorect	adenoma	wa	most	appar	in	individu	with	mutat	in	region	1,	and	upper-gastrointestin	manifest	were	more	sever	in	them.	In	individu	with	mutat	in	either	region	2	or	region	3,	the	averag	number	of	adenoma	tend	to	be	lower	than	those	in	individu	with	mutat	in	region	1,	although	age	at	diagnosi	wa	similar.	In	all	aapc	kindreds,	a	predomin	of	right-sid	colorect	adenoma	and	rectal	polyp	spare	wa	observed.	No	desmoid	tumor	were	found	in	these	kindreds.	our	data	suggest	that,	in	aapc	families,	the	locat	of	the	apc	mutat	may	partial	predict	specif	phenotyp	expression.	thi	should	help	in	the	design	of	tailor	clinical-manag	protocol	in	thi	subset	of	fap	patients.
9724771	the	apc	variant	i1307k	and	e1317q	are	associ	with	colorect	tumors,	but	not	alway	with	a	famili	history.	classic	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap)	is	a	high-penetr	autosom	domin	diseas	that	predispos	to	hundr	or	thousand	of	colorect	adenoma	and	carcinoma	and	that	result	from	truncat	mutat	in	the	apc	gene.	A	variant	of	fap	is	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli,	which	result	from	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	5	and	3	region	of	the	apc	gene.	attenu	adenomat	polyposi	coli	patient	have	"	multipl	"	colorect	adenoma	(typic	fewer	than	100)	without	the	florid	phenotyp	of	classic	fap.	anoth	group	of	patient	with	multipl	adenoma	ha	no	mutat	in	the	apc	gene,	and	their	phenotyp	probabl	result	from	variat	at	a	locus,	or	loci,	elsewher	in	the	genome.	recently,	however,	a	missens	variant	of	apc	(i1307k)	wa	describ	that	confer	an	increas	risk	of	colorect	tumors,	includ	multipl	adenomas,	in	ashkenazim.	We	have	studi	a	set	of	164	patient	with	multipl	colorect	adenoma	and/or	carcinoma	and	analyz	codon	1263-1377	(exon	15g)	of	the	apc	gene	for	germ-lin	variants.	three	patient	with	the	i1307k	allel	were	detected,	each	of	ashkenazi	descent.	four	patient	had	a	germ-lin	e1317q	missens	variant	of	apc	that	wa	not	present	in	controls;	one	of	these	individu	had	an	unusu	larg	number	of	metaplast	polyp	of	the	colorectum.	there	is	increas	evid	that	there	exist	germ-lin	variant	of	the	apc	gene	that	predispos	to	the	develop	of	multipl	colorect	adenoma	and	carcinoma,	but	without	the	florid	phenotyp	of	classic	fap,	and	possibl	with	import	for	colorect	cancer	risk	in	the	gener	population.
9585606	the	hemochromatosi	845	g-->a	and	187	c-->g	mutations:	preval	in	non-caucasian	populations.	hemochromatosis,	the	inherit	disord	of	iron	metabolism,	leads,	if	untreated,	to	progress	iron	overload	and	prematur	death.	the	hemochromatosi	gene,	hfe,	recent	ha	been	identified,	and	character	of	thi	gene	ha	shown	that	it	contain	two	mutat	that	result	in	amino	acid	substitutions-cdna	nucleotid	845	g--	>	A	(c282y)	and	187	c--	>	G	(h63d).	although	hemochromatosi	is	common	in	caucasians,	affect	>	=	1/300	individu	of	northern	european	origin,	it	ha	not	been	recogn	in	other	populations.	the	present	studi	use	pcr	and	restriction-enzym	digest	to	analyz	the	frequenc	of	the	845	g--	>	A	and	187	c--	>	G	mutat	in	hla-typ	sampl	from	non-caucasian	populations,	compris	australian	aboriginal,	chinese,	and	pacif	islanders.	result	show	that	the	845	g--	>	A	mutat	wa	present	in	these	popul	(allel	frequenc	0.	32%),	and,	furthermore,	it	wa	alway	seen	in	conjunct	with	hla	haplotyp	common	in	caucasians,	suggest	that	845	g--	>	A	may	have	been	introduc	into	these	popul	by	caucasian	admixture.	187	c--	>	G	wa	present	at	an	allel	frequenc	of	2.	68%	in	the	two	popul	analyz	(australian	aborigin	and	chinese).	In	the	australian	aborigin	samples,	187	c--	>	G	wa	found	to	be	associ	with	hla	haplotyp	common	in	caucasians,	suggest	that	it	wa	introduc	by	recent	admixture.	In	the	chines	sampl	analyzed,	187	c--	>	G	wa	present	in	associ	with	a	wide	varieti	of	hla	haplotypes,	show	thi	mutat	to	be	widespread	and	like	to	predat	the	more	genet	restrict	845	g--	>	A	mutat
9703501	brca1	requir	for	transcription-coupl	repair	of	oxid	dna	damage.	the	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	suscept	gene	brca1	encod	a	zinc	finger	protein	of	unknown	function.	associ	of	the	brca1	protein	with	the	dna	repair	protein	rad51	and	chang	in	the	phosphoryl	and	cellular	local	of	the	protein	after	exposur	to	dna-damag	agent	are	consist	with	a	role	for	brca1	in	dna	repair.	here,	it	is	shown	that	mous	embryon	stem	cell	defici	in	brca1	are	defect	in	the	abil	to	carri	out	transcription-coupl	repair	of	oxid	dna	damage,	and	are	hypersensit	to	ioniz	radiat	and	hydrogen	peroxide.	these	result	suggest	that	brca1	participates,	directli	or	indirectly,	in	transcription-coupl	repair	of	oxid	dna	damage.
9689113	A	mous	model	of	sever	von	willebrand	disease:	defect	in	hemostasi	and	thrombosis.	von	willebrand	factor	(vwf)	defici	caus	sever	von	willebrand	diseas	in	humans.	We	gener	a	mous	model	for	thi	diseas	by	use	gene	targeting.	vwf-defici	mice	appear	normal	at	birth;	they	were	viabl	and	fertile.	neither	vwf	nor	vwf	propolypeptid	(von	willebrand	antigen	ii)	were	detect	in	plasma,	platelets,	or	endotheli	cell	of	the	homozyg	mutant	mice.	the	mutant	mice	exhibit	defect	in	hemostasi	with	a	highli	prolong	bleed	time	and	spontan	bleed	event	in	approxim	10%	of	neonates.	As	in	the	human	disease,	the	factor	viii	level	in	these	mice	wa	reduc	strongli	as	a	result	of	the	lack	of	protect	provid	by	vwf.	defect	thrombosi	in	mutant	mice	wa	also	evid	in	an	in	vivo	model	of	vascular	injury.	In	thi	model,	the	exterior	mesenteri	wa	superfus	with	ferric	chlorid	and	the	accumul	of	fluoresc	label	platelet	wa	observ	by	intravit	microscopy.	We	conclud	that	these	mice	veri	close	mimic	sever	human	von	willebrand	diseas	and	will	be	veri	use	for	investig	the	role	of	vwf	in	normal	physiolog	and	in	diseas	models.
9448273	the	von	hippel-lindau	tumor	suppressor	gene	is	requir	for	cell	cycl	exit	upon	serum	withdrawal.	the	inactiv	of	the	von	hippel-lindau	(vhl)	tumor	suppressor	gene	predispos	affect	individu	to	the	human	vhl	cancer	syndrom	and	is	associ	with	sporad	renal	cell	carcinoma	(rcc)	and	brain	hemangioblastomas.	vhl-neg	786-0	rcc	cell	are	tumorigen	in	nude	mice	which	is	suppress	by	the	reintroduct	of	vhl.	remarkably,	thi	occur	without	affect	the	growth	rate	and	cell	cycl	profil	of	these	cell	in	culture.	the	786-0	cell	line,	like	mani	cancer	cells,	fail	to	exit	the	cell	cycl	upon	serum	withdrawal.	here,	it	is	shown	that	reintroduct	of	the	wild-typ	vhl	gene	restor	the	abil	of	vhl-neg	rcc	cancer	cell	to	exit	the	cell	cycl	and	enter	g0/quiescenc	in	low	serum.	both	vhl-posit	and	vhl-neg	rcc	cell	exit	the	cell	cycl	by	contact	inhibition.	the	cyclin-depend	kinas	inhibitor,	p27,	accumul	upon	serum	withdrawal,	onli	in	the	presenc	of	vhl,	as	a	result	of	the	stabil	of	the	protein.	We	propos	that	the	loss	of	wild-typ	vhl	gene	result	in	a	specif	cellular	defect	in	serum-depend	growth	control,	which	may	initi	tumor	formation.	thi	is	correct	by	the	reintroduct	of	wild-typ	vhl,	implic	vhl	as	the	first	tumor	suppressor	involv	in	the	regul	of	cell	cycl	exit,	which	is	consist	with	it	gatekeep	function	in	the	kidney.
9703418	nonsens	mutat	in	exon	4	of	human	complement	C9	gene	is	the	major	caus	of	japanes	complement	C9	deficiency.	defici	of	the	ninth	compon	of	human	complement	(c9)	is	the	most	common	complement	defici	in	japan	but	is	rare	in	other	countries.	We	studi	the	molecular	basi	of	C9	defici	in	four	japanes	c9-defici	patient	who	had	suffer	from	meningococc	meningitis.	direct	sequenc	of	amplifi	C9	cdna	and	dna	reveal	a	nonsens	substitut	(cga--	>	tga)	at	codon	95	in	exon	4	in	the	four	c9-defici	individuals.	An	allele-specif	polymeras	chain	reaction	system	design	to	detect	exclus	onli	one	of	the	normal	and	mutant	allel	indic	that	all	the	four	patient	were	homozyg	for	the	mutat	in	exon	4	and	that	the	parent	of	patient	2	were	heterozygous.	the	common	mutat	at	codon	95	in	exon	4	might	be	respons	for	most	japanes	C9	deficiency.
9848786	human	complement	factor	H	defici	associ	with	hemolyt	urem	syndrome.	thi	studi	report	on	six	case	of	defici	in	the	human	complement	regulatori	protein	factor	H	(fh)	in	the	context	of	an	acut	renal	disease.	five	of	the	case	were	observ	in	children	present	with	idiopath	hemolyt	urem	syndrom	(hus).	two	of	the	children	exhibit	a	homozyg	defici	character	by	the	absenc	of	the	150-kd	form	of	factor	H	and	the	presence,	upon	immunoblotting,	of	the	42-kd	factor	h-like	protein	1	(fhl-1)	and	other	fh-relat	protein	(fhr)	bands.	southern	blot	and	pcr	analysi	of	dna	of	one	patient	with	homozyg	defici	rule	out	the	presenc	of	a	larg	delet	of	the	FH	gene	as	the	underli	defect	for	the	deficiency.	the	other	four	children	present	with	heterozyg	defici	and	exhibit	a	normal	immunoblot	pattern	of	protein	of	the	FH	family.	factor	H	defici	is	the	onli	complement	defici	associ	with	hus.	these	observ	suggest	a	role	for	FH	and/or	FH	receptor	in	the	pathogenesi	of	idiopath	hus.
9342365	cell	cycle-depend	coloc	of	bard1	and	brca1	protein	in	discret	nuclear	domains.	germ-lin	mutat	of	the	brca1	gene	predispos	women	to	early-onset	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	by	compromis	the	gene	presumpt	function	as	a	tumor	suppressor.	although	the	biochem	properti	of	brca1	polypeptid	are	not	understood,	their	express	pattern	and	subcellular	local	suggest	a	role	in	cell-cycl	regulation.	when	rest	cell	are	induc	to	proliferate,	the	steady-st	level	of	brca1	increas	in	late	G1	and	reach	a	maximum	dure	S	phase.	moreover,	in	S	phase	cells,	brca1	polypeptid	are	hyperphosphoryl	and	accumul	into	discret	subnuclear	foci	term	"	brca1	nuclear	dots.	"	brca1	associ	in	vivo	with	a	structur	relat	protein	term	bard1.	here	we	show	that	the	steady-st	level	of	bard1,	unlik	those	of	brca1,	remain	rel	constant	dure	cell	cycl	progression.	however,	immunostain	reveal	that	bard1	resid	within	brca1	nuclear	dot	dure	S	phase	of	the	cell	cycle,	but	not	dure	the	G1	phase.	nevertheless,	bard1	polypeptid	are	found	exclus	in	the	nuclear	fraction	of	both	g1-	and	s-phase	cells.	therefore,	progress	to	S	phase	is	accompani	by	the	aggreg	of	nuclear	bard1	polypeptid	into	brca1	nuclear	dots.	thi	cell	cycle-depend	coloc	of	bard1	and	brca1	indic	a	role	for	bard1	in	brca1-medi	tumor	suppress
9521325	genet	basi	and	molecular	mechan	for	idiopath	ventricular	fibrillation.	ventricular	fibril	caus	more	than	300,	000	sudden	death	each	year	in	the	usa	alone.	In	approxim	5-12%	of	these	cases,	there	are	no	demonstr	cardiac	or	non-cardiac	caus	to	account	for	the	episode,	which	is	therefor	classifi	as	idiopath	ventricular	fibril	(ivf).	A	distinct	group	of	ivf	patient	ha	been	found	to	present	with	a	characterist	electrocardiograph	pattern.	becaus	of	the	small	size	of	most	pedigre	and	the	high	incid	of	sudden	death,	however,	molecular	genet	studi	of	ivf	have	not	yet	been	done.	becaus	ivf	caus	cardiac	rhythm	disturbance,	we	investig	whether	malfunct	of	ion	channel	could	caus	the	disord	by	studi	mutat	in	the	cardiac	sodium	channel	gene	scn5a.	We	have	now	identifi	a	missens	mutation,	a	splice-donor	mutation,	and	a	frameshift	mutat	in	the	code	region	of	scn5a	in	three	ivf	families.	We	show	that	sodium	channel	with	the	missens	mutat	recov	from	inactiv	more	rapidli	than	normal	and	that	the	frameshift	mutat	caus	the	sodium	channel	to	be	non-functional.	our	result	indic	that	mutat	in	cardiac	ion-channel	gene	contribut	to	the	risk	of	develop	ivf.
9869602	preval	of	the	i1307k	apc	gene	variant	in	isra	jew	of	differ	ethnic	origin	and	risk	for	colorect	cancer.	background	&	aim	isra	jew	of	european	birth,	i.	e.,	ashkenazim,	have	the	highest	colorect	cancer	incid	of	ani	isra	ethnic	group.	the	i1307k	apc	gene	variant	wa	found	in	6.	1%	of	american	jews,	28%	of	their	famili	colorect	cancer	cases,	but	not	in	non-jews.	We	assess	the	i1307k	preval	in	isra	jew	of	differ	ethnic	origin	and	risk	for	colorect	cancer.	method	dna	sampl	from	500	unrel	jew	of	european	or	non-european	origin,	with	or	without	a	person	and/or	famili	histori	of	neoplasia,	were	examin	for	the	i1307k	variant	by	the	allele-specif	oligonucleotid	(aso)	method.	result	In	person	at	averag	risk	for	colorect	cancer,	i1307k	wa	found	in	5.	0%	of	120	european	and	1.	6%	of	188	non-european	jew	(P	=	0.	08).	It	occur	in	15.	4%	of	52	ashkenazi	isra	with	famili	cancer	(P	=	0.	02)	and	wa	not	detect	in	51	non-european	jew	at	increas	cancer	risk.	colorect	neoplasia	occur	person	or	in	the	famili	of	13	of	20	ashkenazi	i1307k	carriers,	8	of	whom	also	had	a	person	or	famili	histori	of	noncolon	neoplasia.	conclus	the	i1307k	apc	variant	may	repres	a	suscept	gene	for	colorectal,	or	other,	cancer	in	ashkenazi	jews,	and	partial	explain	the	higher	incid	of	colorect	cancer	in	european	isra
9336417	suscept	to	ankylos	spondyl	in	twins:	the	role	of	genes,	hla,	and	the	environment.	object	To	determin	the	rel	effect	of	genet	and	environment	factor	in	suscept	to	ankylos	spondyl	(as).	method	twin	with	AS	were	identifi	from	the	royal	nation	hospit	for	rheumat	diseas	database.	clinic	and	radiograph	examin	were	perform	to	establish	diagnoses,	and	diseas	sever	wa	assess	use	a	combin	of	valid	score	systems.	hla	type	for	hla-b27,	hla-b60,	and	hla-dr1	wa	perform	by	polymeras	chain	reaction	with	sequence-specif	primers,	and	zygos	wa	assess	use	microsatellit	markers.	genet	and	environment	varianc	compon	were	assess	with	the	program	mx,	use	data	from	thi	and	previou	studi	of	twin	with	as.	result	six	of	8	monozygot	(mz)	twin	pair	were	diseas	concordant,	compar	with	4	of	15	b27-posit	dizygot	(dz)	twin	pair	(27%)	and	4	of	32	DZ	twin	pair	overal	(12.	5%).	nonsignific	increas	in	similar	with	regard	to	age	at	diseas	onset	and	all	of	the	diseas	sever	score	assess	were	note	in	disease-concord	MZ	twin	compar	with	concord	DZ	twins.	hla-b27	and	b60	were	associ	with	the	diseas	in	probands,	and	the	rate	of	diseas	concord	wa	significantli	increas	among	DZ	twin	pair	in	which	the	co-twin	wa	posit	for	both	b27	and	dr1.	addit	genet	effect	were	estim	to	contribut	97%	of	the	popul	variance.	conclus	suscept	to	AS	is	larg	genet	determined,	and	the	environment	trigger	for	the	diseas	is	probabl	ubiquitous.	hla-b27	account	for	a	minor	of	the	overal	genet	suscept	to	AS
9731533	the	apci1307k	allel	and	cancer	risk	in	a	community-bas	studi	of	ashkenazi	jews.	mutat	in	apc	are	classic	associ	with	famili	adenomat	polyposi	(fap),	a	highli	penetr	autosom	domin	disord	character	by	multipl	intestin	polyp	and,	without	surgic	intervention,	the	develop	of	colorect	cancer	(crc).	apc	is	a	tumour-suppressor	gene,	and	somat	loss	occur	in	tumours.	the	germlin	t-to-a	transvers	respons	for	the	apc	i1307k	allel	convert	the	wild-typ	sequenc	to	a	homopolym	tract	(a8)	that	is	genet	unstabl	and	prone	to	somat	mutation.	the	i1307k	allel	wa	found	in	6.	1%	of	unselect	ashkenazi	jew	and	higher	proport	of	ashkenazim	with	famili	or	person	histori	of	crc	(ref.	2).	To	evalu	the	role	of	i1307k	in	cancer,	we	genotyp	5,	081	ashkenazi	volunt	in	a	commun	survey.	risk	of	develop	colorectal,	breast	and	other	cancer	were	compar	between	genotyp	i1307k	carrier	and	non-carri	and	their	first-degre	rel
9465039	the	hemochromatosi	gene	product	complex	with	the	transferrin	receptor	and	lower	it	affin	for	ligand	binding.	We	recent	report	the	posit	clone	of	a	candid	gene	for	hereditari	hemochromatosi	call	hfe.	the	gene	product,	a	member	of	the	major	histocompat	complex	class	i-lik	family,	wa	found	to	have	a	mutation,	cys-282	--	>	tyr	(c282y),	in	85%	of	patient	chromosomes.	thi	mutat	elimin	the	abil	of	hfe	to	associ	with	beta2-microglobulin	(beta2m)	and	prevent	cell-surfac	expression.	A	second	mutat	that	ha	no	effect	on	beta2m	association,	h63d,	wa	found	in	eight	out	of	nine	patient	heterozyg	for	the	c282i	mutant.	In	thi	report,	we	demonstr	in	cultur	293	cell	overexpress	wild-typ	or	mutant	hfe	protein	that	both	the	wild-typ	and	h63d	hfe	protein	form	stabl	complex	with	the	transferrin	receptor	(tfr).	the	c282i	mutat	nearli	complet	prevent	the	associ	of	the	mutant	hfe	protein	with	the	tfr.	studi	on	cell-associ	transferrin	at	37	degre	C	suggest	that	the	overexpress	wild-typ	hfe	protein	decreas	the	affin	of	the	tfr	for	transferrin.	the	overexpress	h63d	protein	doe	not	have	thi	effect,	provid	the	first	direct	evid	for	a	function	consequ	of	the	h63d	mutation.	addit	of	solubl	wild-typ	hfe/beta2m	heterodim	to	cultur	cell	also	decreas	the	appar	affin	of	the	tfr	for	it	ligand	under	steady-st	conditions,	both	in	293	cell	and	in	hela	cells.	furthermore,	at	4	degre	C,	the	ad	solubl	complex	of	hfe/beta2m	inhibit	bind	of	transferrin	to	hela	cell	tfr	in	a	concentration-depend	manner.	scatchard	plot	of	these	data	indic	that	the	ad	heterodim	substanti	reduc	the	affin	of	tfr	for	transferrin.	these	result	establish	a	molecular	link	between	hfe	and	a	key	protein	involv	in	iron	transport,	the	tfr,	and	rais	the	possibl	that	alter	in	thi	regulatori	mechan	may	play	a	role	in	the	pathogenesi	of	hereditari	hemochromatosis.
9457913	cycloheximid	facilit	the	identif	of	aberr	transcript	result	from	a	novel	splice-sit	mutat	in	col17a1	in	a	patient	with	gener	atroph	benign	epidermolysi	bullosa.	patient	with	gener	atroph	benign	epidermolysi	bullosa	often	show	decreas	express	of	type	xvii	collagen,	a	transmembran	hemidesmosom	protein	encod	by	col17a1.	thi	report	document	a	novel	splice-sit	mutat	in	col17a1	in	a	patient	with	gener	atroph	benign	epidermolysi	bullosa,	and	appli	a	new	methodolog	to	defin	and	character	the	result	mrna	splice	variants.	mutat	analysi	of	col17a1	identifi	a	matern	inherit	g-to-t	transvers	at	the	-1	posit	of	exon	32.	thi	acceptor	splice-sit	mutat	led	to	the	format	of	aberr	transcript	present	at	extrem	low	levels.	base	on	our	recent	find	that	cycloheximid	stabil	mutant	col17a1	transcript	in	keratinocyt	homozyg	for	a	frameshift	mutation,	the	effect	of	the	splice-sit	mutat	on	splice	of	col17a1	transcript	were	determin	use	revers	transcriptas	polymeras	chain	reaction	of	total	rna	from	keratinocyt	incub	for	2.	5	h	in	the	presenc	or	absenc	of	10	microg	cycloheximid	per	ml.	use	thi	approach,	an	abnorm	splice	transcript	wa	identifi	that	contain	an	extra	264	base	upstream	from	exon	32,	result	in	a	prematur	termin	codon	27	bp	downstream	from	the	cryptic	splice	site.	three	other	splice	variants,	includ	one	deriv	from	the	skip	of	exon	32,	were	also	identified.	these	result	indic	the	use	of	cycloheximid	treatment	in	evalu	the	abnorm	process	of	mrna	due	to	splice-sit	mutations,	becaus	(i)	aberr	splice	often	gener	a	prematur	termin	codon,	(ii)	transcript	with	prematur	termin	codon	can	occur	at	low	or	undetect	level	due	to	nonsense-medi	mrna	decay,	and	(iii)	the	level	of	these	transcript	can	be	increas	by	cycloheximid
9463318	the	dmpk	gene	of	sever	affect	myoton	dystrophi	patient	is	hypermethyl	proxim	to	the	larg	expand	ctg	repeat.	use	methylation-sensit	restrict	enzymes,	we	character	the	methyl	pattern	on	the	5	side	of	the	ctg	repeat	in	the	dmpk	gene	of	normal	individu	and	of	patient	affect	with	myoton	dystrophy,	show	expans	of	the	repetit	sequence.	the	gene	segment	analyz	correspond	to	the	genom	saci-hindiii	fragment	carri	exon	11-15.	there	is	constitut	methyl	in	intron	12	at	restrict	site	of	sacii	and	hhai,	local	1,	159-1,	232	bp	upstream	of	the	ctg	repeat,	wherea	most,	if	not	all,	of	the	other	site	of	sacii,	hhai,	and	hpaii	in	thi	region	are	unmethylated,	in	normal	individu	and	most	of	the	patients.	In	a	number	of	young	and	sever	affect	patients,	however,	complet	methyl	of	these	restrict	site	wa	found	in	the	mutat	allele.	In	most	of	these	patients,	the	onset	of	the	diseas	wa	congenital.	preliminari	in	vivo	footprint	data	gave	evid	for	protein-dna	contact	in	normal	gene	at	an	sp1	consensu	bind	site	upstream	of	the	ctg	repeat	and	for	a	signific	reduct	of	thi	interact	in	cell	with	a	hypermethyl	dmpk	gene.
9425239	progress	of	somat	ctg	repeat	length	heterogen	in	the	blood	cell	of	myoton	dystrophi	patients.	the	genet	basi	of	myoton	dystrophi	(dm)	is	the	expans	of	an	unstabl	ctg	repeat	in	the	34	utr	of	the	DM	protein	kinas	gene	on	chromosom	19.	one	of	the	princip	featur	of	the	DM	mutat	is	an	extraordinarili	high	level	of	somat	mosaicism,	due	to	an	extrem	high	degre	of	somat	instabl	both	within	and	between	differ	tissues.	thi	instabl	appear	to	be	bias	toward	further	expans	and	continu	throughout	the	life	of	an	individual,	featur	that	could	be	associ	with	the	progress	natur	of	the	disease.	although	increas	measur	allel	size	between	patient	clearli	correl	with	an	increas	sever	of	symptom	and	an	earlier	age	of	onset,	thi	correl	is	not	precis	and	measur	allel	length	cannot	be	use	as	an	accur	predictor	of	age	of	onset.	In	order	to	further	character	the	dynam	of	DM	ctg	repeat	somat	instability,	we	have	studi	repeat	length	chang	over	time	in	111	myoton	dystrophi	patient	with	vari	clinic	sever	and	ctg	repeat	size	over	time	interv	of	1-7	years.	We	have	found	a	direct	progress	of	the	size	heterogen	over	time	relat	to	initi	ctg	repeat	size	and	the	time	interv	and	alway	bias	toward	further	expansion.	attempt	to	mathemat	model	the	dynam	have	prove	onli	partial	success	suggest	that	individu	specif	genet	and/or	environment	factor	also	play	a	role	in	somat	mosaicism.
9973276	inherit	colorect	polyposi	and	cancer	risk	of	the	apc	i1307k	polymorphism.	germ-lin	and	somat	truncat	mutat	of	the	apc	gene	are	thought	to	initi	colorect	tumor	format	in	famili	adenomat	polyposi	syndrom	and	sporad	colorect	carcinogenesis,	respectively.	recently,	an	isoleucine--	>	lysin	polymorph	at	codon	1307	(i1307k)	of	the	apc	gene	ha	been	identifi	in	6%	-7%	of	the	ashkenazi	jewish	population.	To	assess	the	risk	of	thi	common	apc	allel	variant	in	colorect	carcinogenesis,	we	have	analyz	a	larg	cohort	of	unselect	ashkenazi	jewish	subject	with	adenomat	polyp	and.	or	colorect	cancer,	for	the	apc	i1307k	polymorphism.	the	apc	i1307k	allel	wa	identifi	in	48	(10.	1%)	of	476	patients.	compar	with	the	frequenc	in	two	separ	popul	control	groups,	the	apc	i1307k	allel	is	associ	with	an	estim	rel	risk	of	1.	5-1.	7	for	colorect	neoplasia	(both	P	=.	01).	furthermore,	compar	with	noncarriers,	apc	i1307k	carrier	had	increas	number	of	adenoma	and	colorect	cancer	per	patient	(P	=.	03),	as	well	as	a	younger	age	at	diagnosis.	We	conclud	that	the	apc	i1307k	variant	lead	to	increas	adenoma	format	and	directli	contribut	to	3%	-4%	of	all	ashkenazi	jewish	colorect	cancer.	the	estim	rel	risk	for	carrier	may	justifi	specif	clinic	screen	for	the	360,	000	american	expect	to	harbor	thi	allele,	and	genet	test	in	the	set	of	long-term-outcom	studi	may	impact	significantli	on	colorect	cancer	prevent	in	thi	popul
9927033	human	mlh1	defici	predispos	to	hematolog	malign	and	neurofibromatosi	type	1.	heterozyg	germ-lin	mutat	in	the	dna	mismatch	repair	gene	lead	to	hereditari	nonpolyposi	colorect	cancer.	the	diseas	suscept	of	individu	who	constitut	lack	both	wild-typ	allel	is	unknown.	We	have	identifi	three	offspr	in	a	hereditari	nonpolyposi	colorect	cancer	famili	who	develop	hematolog	malign	at	a	veri	earli	age,	and	at	least	two	of	them	display	sign	of	neurofibromatosi	type	1	(nf1).	dna	sequenc	analysi	and	allele-specif	amplif	in	two	sibl	reveal	a	homozyg	mlh1	mutat	(c676t--	>	arg226stop).	thus,	a	homozyg	germ-lin	mlh1	mutat	and	consequ	mismatch	repair	defici	result	in	a	mutat	phenotyp	character	by	leukemia	and/or	lymphoma	associ	with	neurofibromatosi	type	1.
9800909	are	dp71	and	dp140	brain	dystrophin	isoform	relat	to	cognit	impair	in	duchenn	muscular	dystrophy?	molecular	studi	and	neuropsycholog	analysi	were	perform	concurr	on	49	patient	with	duchenn	muscular	dystrophi	(dmd)	in	order	to	find	a	molecular	explan	for	the	cognit	impair	observ	in	most	dmd	patients.	complet	analysi	of	the	dystrophin	gene	wa	perform	to	defin	the	local	of	delet	and	duplic	in	relat	to	the	differ	dmd	promoters.	qualit	analysi	of	the	dp71	transcript	and	test	for	the	specif	first	exon	of	dp140	were	also	carri	out.	neuropsycholog	analysi	assess	verbal	and	visuospati	intelligence,	verbal	memory,	and	read	skills.	comparison	of	molecular	and	psychometr	find	demonstr	that	delet	and	duplic	that	were	local	in	the	distal	part	of	the	gene	seem	to	be	preferenti	associ	with	cognit	impairment.	two	alter	dp71	transcript	and	two	delet	dp140	dna	sequenc	were	found	in	four	patient	with	sever	cerebr	dysfunction.	these	find	suggest	that	some	sequenc	locat	in	the	distal	part	of	the	gene	and,	in	particular,	some	dmd	isoform	express	in	the	brain	may	be	relat	to	the	cognit	impair	associ	with	dmd.
9861003	A	genome-wid	search	for	chromosom	loci	link	to	mental	health	well	in	rel	at	high	risk	for	bipolar	affect	disord	among	the	old	order	amish.	bipolar	affect	disord	(bpad;	manic-depress	illness)	is	character	by	episod	of	mania	and/or	hypomania	interspers	with	period	of	depression.	compel	evid	support	a	signific	genet	compon	in	the	suscept	to	develop	bpad.	To	date,	however,	linkag	studi	have	attempt	onli	to	identifi	chromosom	loci	that	caus	or	increas	the	risk	of	develop	bpad.	To	determin	whether	there	could	be	protect	allel	that	prevent	or	reduc	the	risk	of	develop	bpad,	similar	to	what	is	observ	in	other	genet	disorders,	we	use	mental	health	well	(absenc	of	ani	psychiatr	disorder)	as	the	phenotyp	in	our	genome-wid	linkag	scan	of	sever	larg	multigener	old	order	amish	pedigre	exhibit	an	extrem	high	incid	of	bpad.	We	have	found	strong	evid	for	a	locu	on	chromosom	4p	at	d4s2949	(maximum	genehunter-plu	nonparametr	linkag	score	=	4.	05,	P	=	5.	22	x	10	(-4);	sibpal	pempir	valu	<	3	x	10	(-5))	and	suggest	evid	for	a	locu	on	chromosom	4q	at	d4s397	(maximum	genehunter-plu	nonparametr	linkag	score	=	3.	29,	P	=	2.	57	x	10	(-3);	sibpal	pempir	valu	<	1	x	10	(-3))	that	are	link	to	mental	health	wellness.	these	find	are	consist	with	the	hypothesi	that	certain	allel	could	prevent	or	modifi	the	clinic	manifest	of	bpad	and	perhap	other	relat	affect	disord
932197	hereditari	defici	of	the	fifth	compon	of	complement	in	man.	I.	clinical,	immunochemical,	and	famili	studies.	the	first	recogn	human	kindr	with	hereditari	defici	of	the	fifth	compon	of	complement	(c5)	is	described.	the	proband,	a	20-year-old	black	femal	with	system	lupu	erythematosu	sinc	age	11,	lack	serum	hemolyt	complement	activity,	even	dure	remission.	C5	wa	undetect	in	her	serum	by	both	immunodiffus	and	hemolyt	assays.	other	complement	compon	were	normal	dure	remiss	of	lupus,	but	c1,	c4,	c2,	and	C3	level	fell	dure	exacerbations.	A	younger	half-sister,	who	had	no	underli	disease,	wa	also	found	to	lack	immunochem	detect	c5.	By	hemolyt	assay,	she	exhibit	1-2%	of	the	normal	serum	C5	level	and	normal	concentr	of	other	complement	components.	C5	level	of	other	famili	member	were	either	normal	or	approxim	half-normal,	consist	with	autosom	codomin	inherit	of	the	gene	determin	C5	deficiency.	normal	hemolyt	titer	were	restor	to	both	homozyg	c5-defici	(c5d)	sera	by	addit	of	highli	purifi	human	c5.	In	specif	C5	titrations,	however,	it	wa	note	that	when	limit	amount	of	C5	were	assay	in	the	presenc	of	low	dilut	of	either	c5d	serum,	curv	rather	than	linear	dose-respons	plot	were	consist	obtained,	suggest	some	inhibitori	effect.	further	studi	suggest	that	low	dilut	of	c5d	serum	contain	a	factor	(or	factors)	interf	at	some	step	in	the	hemolyt	assay	of	c5,	rather	than	a	true	C5	inhibitor	or	inactivator.	Of	clinic	interest	are	(a)	the	document	of	membran	glomerulonephritis,	vasculitis,	and	arthriti	in	an	individu	lack	C5	(and	it	biolog	functions),	and	(b)	a	remark	propens	to	bacteri	infect	in	the	proband,	even	dure	period	of	low-dos	or	alternate-day	corticosteroid	therapy.	other	observ	indic	that	the	c5d	state	is	compat	with	normal	coagul	function	and	the	capac	to	mount	a	neutrophil	leukocytosi	dure	pyogen	infection.
9439660	detect	of	heterozyg	carrier	of	the	ataxia-telangiectasia	(atm)	gene	by	G2	phase	chromosom	radiosensit	of	peripher	blood	lymphocytes.	In	ataxia-telangiectasia	(a-t)	patients,	mutat	in	a	singl	gene,	atm,	result	in	an	autosom	recess	syndrom	that	embrac	a	varieti	of	clinic	featur	and	manifest	extrem	radiosensit	and	a	strong	pre-disposit	to	malignancy.	heterozygot	for	the	atm	gene	have	no	clinic	express	of	a-t	but	may	be	cancer	prone	with	a	moder	increas	in	in	vitro	radiosensitivity.	We	perform	a	blind	chromosom	analysi	on	g2-phase	lymphocyt	from	7	unrel	a-t	patients,	13	oblig	a-t	heterozygot	(parent	of	the	patients),	and	14	normal	control	follow	x-irradi	with	1	Gy	in	order	to	evalu	thi	cytogenet	method	as	a	tool	for	detect	of	atm	carriers.	both	a-t	homozygot	and	heterozygot	show	significantli	increas	level	of	radiation-induc	chromatid	damag	rel	to	that	of	normal	controls.	these	result	show	that	the	g2-phase	chromosom	radiosensit	assay	can	be	use	for	the	detect	of	a-t	heterozygotes.	In	combin	with	molecular	genet	analyses,	thi	test	may	be	of	valu	in	studi	of	famili	and	sporad	cancer	aim	at	determin	of	the	potenti	involv	of	atm	mutat	in	tumor	risk	or	development.
9856498	the	molecular	basi	of	C6	defici	in	the	western	cape,	south	africa.	defici	of	the	sixth	compon	of	human	complement	(c6)	ha	been	report	in	a	number	of	famili	from	the	western	cape,	south	africa.	meningococc	diseas	is	endem	in	the	cape	and	almost	all	pedigre	of	total	C6	defici	(c6q0)	have	been	ascertain	becaus	of	recurr	disease.	We	have	sequenc	the	express	exon	of	the	C6	gene	from	select	case	and	have	found	three	molecular	defect	lead	to	total	defici	879delg,	which	is	the	common	defect	in	the	cape	and	hitherto	unreported,	and	1195delc	and	1936delg,	which	have	been	previous	report	in	african-americans.	We	also	show	that	the	879delg	and	1195delc	defect	are	associ	with	characterist	c6/c7	region	dna	marker	haplotypes,	although	small	variat	were	observed.	the	1936delg	defect	wa	observ	onli	onc	in	the	cape,	but	it	associ	haplotyp	could	be	deduced.	the	data	from	the	haplotyp	indic	that	these	three	molecular	defect	account	for	the	defect	in	all	the	38	unrel	c6q0	individu	we	have	studi	from	the	cape.	We	have	also	observ	the	879delg	defect	in	two	dutch	c6-defici	kindreds,	but	the	879delg	defect	in	the	cape	probabl	did	not	come	from	the	netherlands.
9744473	the	r496h	mutat	of	arylsulfatas	A	doe	not	caus	metachromat	leukodystrophy.	defici	of	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	enzym	activ	caus	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld).	A	number	of	arsa	gene	mutat	respons	for	mld	have	been	identified.	recently,	the	r496h	mutat	of	arsa	wa	propos	to	be	a	caus	of	mld	(draghia	et	al.,	1997).	We	have	investig	the	r496h	mutat	and	found	thi	mutat	at	a	rel	high	frequenc	in	an	african	american	popul	(f	=	0.	09,	n	=	61	subjects).	the	arsa	enzym	activ	in	subject	with	and	without	the	r496h	mutat	wa	determin	and	found	to	be	normal.	It	is	therefor	conclud	that	the	r496h	mutat	of	arsa	doe	not	neg	influenc	the	activ	of	arsa	and	is	not	a	caus	of	ML
9450866	piebald	with	deafness:	molecular	evid	for	an	expand	syndrome.	In	a	south	african	girl	of	xhosa	stock	with	sever	piebald	and	profound	congenit	sensorineur	deaf	we	identifi	a	novel	missens	substitut	at	a	highli	conserv	residu	in	the	intracellular	kinas	domain	of	the	kit	proto-oncogene,	r796g.	though	auditori	anomali	have	been	observ	in	mice	with	domin	white	spot	(w)	due	to	kit	mutations,	deaf	is	not	typic	in	human	piebaldism.	thus,	the	occurr	of	sensorineur	deaf	in	thi	patient	extend	consider	the	phenotyp	rang	of	piebald	due	to	kit	gene	mutat	in	human	and	tighten	the	clinic	similar	between	piebald	and	the	variou	form	of	waardenburg	syndrome.
9497246	genet	heterogen	and	penetr	analysi	of	the	brca1	and	brca2	gene	in	breast	cancer	families.	the	breast	cancer	linkag	consortium.	the	contribut	of	brca1	and	brca2	to	inherit	breast	cancer	wa	assess	by	linkag	and	mutat	analysi	in	237	families,	each	with	at	least	four	case	of	breast	cancer,	collect	by	the	breast	cancer	linkag	consortium.	famili	were	includ	without	regard	to	the	occurr	of	ovarian	or	other	cancers.	overall,	diseas	wa	link	to	brca1	in	an	estim	52%	of	families,	to	brca2	in	32%	of	families,	and	to	neither	gene	in	16%	(95%	confid	interv	[ci]	6%	-28%),	suggest	other	predisposit	genes.	the	major	(81%)	of	the	breast-ovarian	cancer	famili	were	due	to	brca1,	with	most	other	(14%)	due	to	brca2.	conversely,	the	major	of	famili	with	male	and	femal	breast	cancer	were	due	to	brca2	(76%).	the	largest	proport	(67%)	of	famili	due	to	other	gene	wa	found	in	famili	with	four	or	five	case	of	femal	breast	cancer	only.	these	estim	were	not	substanti	affect	either	by	chang	the	assum	penetr	model	for	brca1	or	by	includ	or	exclud	brca1	mutat	data.	among	those	famili	with	diseas	due	to	brca1	that	were	test	by	one	of	the	standard	screen	methods,	mutat	were	detect	in	the	code	sequenc	or	splice	site	in	an	estim	63%	(95%	CI	51%	-77%).	the	estim	sensit	wa	ident	for	direct	sequenc	and	other	techniques.	the	penetr	of	brca2	wa	estim	by	maxim	the	lod	score	in	brca2-mut	families,	over	all	possibl	penetr	functions.	the	estim	cumul	risk	of	breast	cancer	reach	28%	(95%	CI	9%	-44%)	by	age	50	year	and	84%	(95%	CI	43%	-95%)	by	age	70	years.	the	correspond	ovarian	cancer	risk	were	0.	4%	(95%	CI	0%	-1%)	by	age	50	year	and	27%	(95%	CI	0%	-47%)	by	age	70	years.	the	lifetim	risk	of	breast	cancer	appear	similar	to	the	risk	in	brca1	carriers,	but	there	wa	some	suggest	of	a	lower	risk	in	brca2	carrier	<	50	year	of	age
9620771	sever	early-onset	obesity,	adren	insuffici	and	red	hair	pigment	caus	by	pomc	mutat	in	humans.	sequenti	cleavag	of	the	precursor	protein	pre-pro-opiomelanocortin	(pomc)	gener	the	melanocortin	peptid	adrenocorticotrophin	(acth),	melanocyte-stimul	hormon	(msh)	alpha,	beta	and	gamma	as	well	as	the	opioid-receptor	ligand	beta-endorphin.	while	a	few	case	of	isol	acth	defici	have	been	report	(omim	201400),	an	inherit	pomc	defect	ha	not	been	describ	so	far.	recent	studi	in	anim	model	elucid	a	central	role	of	alpha-msh	in	the	regul	of	food	intak	by	activ	of	the	brain	melanocortin-4-receptor	(mc4-r;	ref	3-5)	and	the	linkag	of	human	obes	to	chromosom	2	in	close	proxim	to	the	pomc	locus,	led	to	the	propos	of	an	associ	of	pomc	with	human	obesity.	the	dual	role	of	alpha-msh	in	regul	food	intak	and	influenc	hair	pigment	predict	that	the	phenotyp	associ	with	a	defect	in	pomc	function	would	includ	obesity,	alter	in	pigment	and	acth	deficiency.	the	observ	of	these	symptom	in	two	proband	prompt	us	to	search	for	mutat	within	their	pomc	genes.	patient	1	wa	found	to	be	a	compound	heterozygot	for	two	mutat	in	exon	3	(g7013t,	c7133delta)	which	interfer	with	appropri	synthesi	of	acth	and	alpha-msh.	patient	2	wa	homozyg	for	a	mutat	in	exon	2	(c3804a)	which	abolish	pomc	translation.	these	find	repres	the	first	exampl	of	a	genet	defect	within	the	pomc	gene	and	defin	a	new	monogen	endocrin	disord	result	in	early-onset	obesity,	adren	insuffici	and	red	hair	pigmentation.
9420335	the	tumor	suppressor	gene	smad4/dpc4	is	requir	for	gastrul	and	later	for	anterior	develop	of	the	mous	embryo.	mutat	in	the	smad4/dpc4	tumor	suppressor	gene,	a	key	signal	transduc	in	most	tgfbeta-rel	pathways,	are	involv	in	50%	of	pancreat	cancers.	homozyg	smad4	mutant	mice	die	befor	day	7.	5	of	embryogenesis.	mutant	embryo	have	reduc	size,	fail	to	gastrul	or	express	a	mesoderm	marker,	and	show	abnorm	viscer	endoderm	development.	growth	retard	of	the	smad4-defici	embryo	result	from	reduc	cell	prolifer	rather	than	increas	apoptosis.	aggreg	of	mutant	smad4	ES	cell	with	wild-typ	tetraploid	morula	rescu	the	gastrul	defect.	these	result	indic	that	smad4	is	initi	requir	for	the	differenti	of	the	viscer	endoderm	and	that	the	gastrul	defect	in	the	epiblast	is	secondari	and	non-cel	autonomous.	rescu	embryo	show	sever	anterior	truncations,	indic	a	second	import	role	for	smad4	in	anterior	pattern	dure	embryogenesi
9888390	coincid	of	two	novel	arylsulfatas	A	allel	and	mutat	459+1g>a	within	a	famili	with	metachromat	leukodystrophy:	molecular	basi	of	phenotyp	heterogeneity.	In	a	famili	with	three	siblings,	one	develop	classic	late	infantil	metachromat	leukodystrophi	(mld),	fatal	at	age	5	years,	with	defici	arylsulfatas	A	(arsa)	activ	and	increas	galactosylsulfatid	(gs)	excretion.	the	two	other	siblings,	appar	healthi	at	12	(1/2)	and	15	years,	respectively,	and	their	father,	appar	healthi	as	well,	present	arsa	and	GS	valu	within	the	rang	of	mld	patients.	mutat	screen	and	sequenc	analysi	disclos	the	involv	of	three	differ	arsa	mutat	be	the	molecular	basi	of	intrafamili	phenotyp	heterogeneity.	the	late	infantil	patient	inherit	from	hi	mother	the	frequent	0-type	mutat	459	+	1G	>	A,	and	from	hi	father	a	novel,	singl	basepair	microdelet	of	guanin	at	nucleotid	7	in	exon	1	(7delg).	the	two	clinic	unaffect	sibl	carri	the	matern	mutat	459	+	1G	>	A	and,	on	their	patern	allele,	a	novel	cytosin	to	thymidin	transit	at	nucleotid	2435	in	exon	8,	result	in	substitut	of	alanin	464	by	valin	(a464v).	the	father	genotyp	thu	wa	7delg/a464v.	mutat	a464v	wa	not	found	in	18	unrel	mld	patient	and	50	controls.	a464v,	although	clearli	modifi	arsa	and	GS	levels,	appar	bear	littl	signific	for	clinic	manifest	of	mld,	mimick	the	frequent	arsa	pseudodefici	allele.	our	result	demonstr	that	in	certain	genet	condit	mld-like	arsa	and	GS	valu	need	not	be	parallel	by	clinic	disease,	a	find	with	seriou	diagnost	and	prognost	implications.	moreover,	further	arsa	allel	function	similar	to	a464v	might	exist	which,	togeth	with	0-type	mutations,	may	caus	patholog	arsa	and	GS	levels,	but	not	clinic	outbreak	of	the	disease.
941901	low	level	of	beta	hexosaminidas	A	in	healthi	individu	with	appar	defici	of	thi	enzyme.	appreci	beta	hexosaminidas	A	(hex	A)	activ	ha	been	detect	in	cultur	skin	fibroblast	and	melanoma	tissu	from	healthi	individu	previous	report	as	have	defici	of	hex	A	activ	indistinguish	from	that	of	patient	with	tay-sach	diseas	(tsd).	identif	and	quantit	of	hex	A,	amount	to	3.	5%	-6.	9%	of	total	beta	hexosaminidas	activity,	ha	been	obtain	by	cellulos	acet	gel	electrophoresis,	deae-cellulos	ion-exchang	chromatography,	radial	immunodiffusion,	and	radioimmunoassay.	previou	famili	studi	suggest	that	these	individu	may	be	compound	heterozygot	for	the	common	mutant	tsd	gene	and	a	rare	(allelic)	mutant	gene.	thus,	the	postul	rate	mutant	gene	appear	to	code	for	the	express	of	low	amount	of	hex	A.	heterozygot	for	the	rare	mutant	may	be	indistinguish	from	heterozygot	for	the	common	tsd	mutant.	however,	direct	visual	and	quantit	of	hex	A	by	the	method	describ	may	prevent	false-posit	prenat	diagnosi	of	tsd	in	fetus	have	the	incomplet	hex	A	defici	of	the	type	describ	in	the	four	healthi	individu
9590284	A	mous	model	for	prader-willi	syndrom	imprinting-centr	mutations.	imprint	in	the	15q11-q13	region	involv	an	imprint	centr	(ic),	map	in	part	to	the	promot	and	first	exon	of	snrpn.	delet	of	thi	IC	abolish	local	patern	deriv	gene	express	and	result	in	prader-willi	syndrom	(pws).	We	have	creat	two	delet	mutat	in	mice	to	understand	pw	and	the	mechan	of	thi	ic.	mice	harbour	an	intragen	delet	in	snrpn	are	phenotyp	normal,	suggest	that	mutat	of	snrpn	are	not	suffici	to	induc	pws.	mice	with	a	larger	delet	involv	both	snrpn	and	the	put	pws-ic	lack	express	of	the	imprint	gene	zfp127	(mous	homologu	of	znf127),	ndn	and	ipw,	and	manifest	sever	phenotyp	common	to	pw	infants.	these	data	demonstr	that	both	the	posit	of	the	IC	and	it	role	in	the	coordin	express	of	gene	is	conserv	between	mous	and	human,	and	indic	that	the	mous	is	a	suitabl	model	system	in	which	to	investig	the	molecular	mechan	of	imprint	in	thi	region	of	the	genome.
9457914	A	delet	mutat	in	col17a1	in	five	austrian	famili	with	gener	atroph	benign	epidermolysi	bullosa	repres	propag	of	an	ancestr	allele.	patient	with	gener	atroph	benign	epidermolysi	bullosa,	a	usual	nonleth	form	of	junction	epidermolysi	bullosa,	have	gener	blistering,	nail	dystrophy,	patchi	alopecia,	and	dental	abnormalities.	skin	fragil	in	most	case	is	due	to	mutat	in	the	gene	encod	type	xvii	collagen	(col17a1).	recently,	we	report	five	austrian	famili	with	gener	atroph	benign	epidermolysi	bullosa	who	share	the	same	col17a1	mutation.	affect	individu	in	three	famili	are	homozyg	for	4003deltc,	wherea	those	in	two	other	are	compound	heterozygotes.	To	determin	if	the	occurr	of	4003deltc	in	these	unrel	famili	signifi	propag	of	an	ancestr	allel	or	a	mutat	hot	spot,	haplotyp	were	determin	for	polymorph	both	within	and	flank	col17a1.	five	intragen	polymorph	were	chosen	base	on	their	informativeness.	one	of	these,	not	previous	reported,	wa	2988	A	or	C	that	introduc	a	new	restrict	site	for	eco0109	I.	all	the	4003deltc	allel	show	the	same	haplotyp	for	these	five	polymorph	markers.	fourteen	microsatellit	polymorph	were	select	base	on	their	high	heterozygos	and	their	locat	within	10q23-q25	near	col17a1.	three	famili	share	microsatellit	polymorph	cover	at	most	19	cm,	wherea	the	other	share	smaller	region	consist	with	cross-ov	event	dure	passag	of	thi	mutat	through	sever	generations.	these	result	indic	that	4003deltc	occur	on	a	singl	ancestr	allele.
9843038	identif	of	a	novel	mutat	of	the	cpo	gene	in	a	japanes	hereditari	coproporphyria	family.	hereditari	coproporphyria	(hcp)	is	an	autosom	domin	diseas	character	by	a	defici	of	coproporphyrinogen	oxidas	(cpo)	caus	by	a	mutat	in	the	cpo	gene.	onli	11	mutat	of	the	gene	have	been	report	in	hcp	patients.	We	report	anoth	mutat	in	a	japanes	family.	polymeras	chain	reaction-singl	strand	conform	polymorph	and	direct	sequenc	analys	demonstr	a	C	to	T	substitut	in	exon	1	of	the	cpo	gene	at	nucleotid	posit	85,	which	lie	in	the	put	presequ	for	target	to	mitochondria.	thi	mutat	chang	the	codon	for	glutamin	to	a	termin	codon	at	amino	acid	posit	29.	maei	restrict	analysi	show	two	other	carrier	in	the	family.	the	c-t	mutat	is	locat	within	a	recent	propos	put	altern	translat	initi	codon	(tic-1),	support	that	tic-1	is	the	real	tic	rather	than	tic-2.
993342	the	chromosom	order	of	gene	control	the	major	histocompat	complex,	properdin	factor	B,	and	defici	of	the	second	compon	of	complement.	the	relationship	of	the	gene	code	for	hla	to	those	code	for	properdin	factor	B	allotyp	and	for	defici	of	the	second	compon	of	complement	(c2)	wa	studi	in	famili	of	patient	with	connect	tissu	disorders.	patient	were	select	becaus	they	were	heterozyg	or	homozyg	for	C2	deficiency.	12	famili	with	15	mate	inform	for	C2	defici	were	found.	Of	57	inform	meioses,	two	crossov	were	note	between	the	C2	defici	gene	and	the	hla-b	gene,	with	a	recombin	fraction	of	0.	035.	A	lod	score	of	13	wa	calcul	for	linkag	between	C2	defici	and	hla-b	at	a	maximum	likelihood	valu	of	the	recombin	fraction	of	0.	04.	18	famili	with	21	inform	mate	for	both	properdin	factor	B	allotyp	and	hla-b	were	found.	Of	72	inform	meioses,	three	recombin	were	found,	give	a	recombin	fraction	of	0.	042.	A	lod	score	of	16	between	hla-b	and	factor	B	allotyp	wa	calcul	at	a	maximum	likelihood	valu	of	the	recombin	fraction	of	0.	04.	A	crossov	wa	shown	to	have	occur	between	gene	for	factor	B	and	hla-d,	in	which	hla-d	segregar	with	hla-a	and	B.	these	studi	suggest	that	the	gene	for	factor	B	and	C2	defici	are	locat	outsid	those	for	hla,	that	the	order	of	genes	is	hla-a,	-b,	-d,	factor	B	allotype,	C2	deficiency,	that	the	gene	code	for	C2	defici	and	factor	B	allotyp	are	approxim	3--5	centimorgan	from	the	hla-a	and	hla-b	loci,	and	that	the	appar	lack	of	recombin	between	the	factor	B	gene	and	C2	defici	gene	suggest	that	these	two	gene	lie	in	close	proxim	to	one	anoth
9671401	A	novel	missens	mutat	in	patient	from	a	retinoblastoma	pedigre	show	onli	mild	express	of	the	tumor	phenotype.	We	have	use	singl	strand	conform	polymorph	analysi	to	studi	the	27	exon	of	the	rb1	gene	in	individu	from	a	famili	show	mild	express	of	the	retinoblastoma	phenotype.	In	thi	famili	affect	individu	develop	unilater	tumor	and,	as	a	result	of	linkag	analysis,	unaffect	mutat	carrier	were	also	identifi	within	the	pedigree.	A	singl	band	shift	use	sscp	wa	identifi	in	exon	21	which	result	in	a	missens	mutat	convert	a	cys--	>	arg	at	nucleotid	posit	28	in	the	exon.	the	mutat	destroy	an	ndei	restrict	enzym	site.	analysi	of	all	famili	member	demonstr	that	the	missens	mutat	co-segreg	with	patient	with	tumor	or	who,	as	a	result	of	linkag	analysi	had	been	predict	to	carri	the	predispos	mutation.	these	observ	point	to	anoth	region	of	the	rb1	gene	where	mutat	onli	modifi	the	function	of	the	gene	and	rais	import	question	for	genet	counsel	in	famili	with	these	distinct	phenotypes.
9856499	complement	C7	deficiency:	seven	further	molecular	defect	and	their	associ	marker	haplotypes.	seven	further	molecular	base	of	C7	defici	are	described.	all	these	new	molecular	defect	involv	single-nucleotid	events,	delet	and	substitutions,	some	of	which	alter	splice	sites,	and	other	codons.	they	are	distribut	along	the	C7	gene,	but	predominantli	toward	the	3	end.	all	were	found	in	compound	heterozyg	individuals.	the	c6/c7	marker	haplotyp	associ	with	most	C7	defect	are	tabulated.
9529364	identif	of	constitut	wt1	mutations,	in	patient	with	isol	diffus	mesangi	sclerosis,	and	analysi	of	genotype/phenotyp	correl	by	use	of	a	computer	mutat	database.	constitut	mutat	of	the	wt1	gene,	encod	a	zinc-fing	transcript	factor	involv	in	renal	and	gonad	development,	are	found	in	most	patient	with	denys-drash	syndrom	(dds),	or	diffus	mesangi	sclerosi	(dms)	associ	with	pseudohermaphrodit	and/or	wilm	tumor	(wt).	most	mutat	in	dd	patient	lie	in	exon	8	or	exon	9,	encod	zinc	finger	2	or	zinc	finger	3,	respectively,	with	a	hot	spot	(r394w)	in	exon	9.	We	analyz	a	seri	of	24	patients,	10	with	isol	dm	(idms),	10	with	dds,	and	4	with	urogenit	abnorm	and/or	wt.	We	report	wt1	heterozyg	mutat	in	16	patients,	4	of	whom	present	with	idms.	one	male	and	two	femal	idm	patient	with	wt1	mutat	underw	normal	puberty.	two	mutat	associ	with	idm	are	differ	from	those	describ	in	dd	patients.	No	wt1	mutat	were	detect	in	the	six	other	idm	patients,	suggest	genet	heterogen	of	thi	disease.	We	analyz	genotype/phenotyp	correlations,	on	the	basi	of	the	constitut	of	a	wt1	mutat	databas	of	84	germ-lin	mutations,	to	compar	the	distribut	and	type	of	mutations,	accord	to	the	differ	symptoms.	thi	demonstr	(1)	the	associ	between	mutat	in	exon	8	and	9	and	dms;	(2)	among	patient	with	dms,	a	higher	frequenc	of	exon	8	mutat	among	46,	XY	patient	with	femal	phenotyp	than	among	46,	XY	patient	with	sexual	ambigu	or	male	phenotype;	and	(3)	statist	signific	evid	that	mutat	in	exon	8	and	9	preferenti	affect	amino	acid	with	differ	functions.
9391889	patern	transmiss	of	congenit	myoton	dystrophy.	We	report	a	rare	case	of	patern	transmit	congenit	myoton	dystrophi	(dm).	the	proband	is	a	23	year	old,	mental	retard	male	who	suffer	sever	muscular	weakness.	He	present	with	respiratori	and	feed	difficulti	at	birth.	hi	two	sib	suffer	from	childhood	onset	dm.	their	late	father	had	the	adult	type	of	dm,	with	onset	around	30	years.	onli	six	other	case	of	patern	transmiss	of	congenit	DM	have	been	report	recently.	We	review	the	sex	relat	effect	on	transmiss	of	congenit	dm.	decreas	fertil	of	male	with	adult	onset	DM	and	contract	of	the	repeat	upon	male	transmiss	contribut	to	the	almost	absent	occurr	of	patern	transmiss	of	congenit	dm.	also	the	father	of	the	report	congenit	affect	children	showed,	on	average,	shorter	ctg	repeat	length	and	henc	less	sever	clinic	symptom	than	the	mother	of	children	with	congenit	dm.	We	conclud	that	patern	transmiss	of	congenit	DM	is	rare	and	preferenti	occur	with	onset	of	DM	past	30	year	in	the	father.
9465301	genom	organ	of	the	ube3a/e6-ap	gene	and	relat	pseudogenes.	the	ube3a	gene	encod	the	e6-ap	ubiquitin-protein	ligas	and	ha	recent	been	shown	to	be	mutat	in	angelman	syndrom	patient	who	lack	15q11-q13	delet	or	chromosom	15	patern	uniparent	disomy.	previou	ube3a	cdna	analysi	ha	shown	a	code	region	of	approxim	2.	6	kb	and	a	3-untransl	region	(utr)	of	<	50	bp,	wherea	northern	analysi	ha	indic	mrna	size	of	5-8	kb.	We	have	analyz	addit	cdna	clone	and	provid	evid	for	an	addit	0.	5	kb	of	5-utr	and	>	2	kb	of	3-utr.	We	have	establish	the	genom	organ	of	ube3a	and	the	sequenc	of	intron-exon	borders.	We	have	also	map	two	highli	homolog	process	pseudogenes,	ube3ap1	and	ube3ap2,	to	chromosom	2	and	21,	respectively,	and	determin	their	genom	organization.	these	result	will	form	the	basi	for	studi	of	mutat	and	imprint	of	ube3a
9949197	distribut	of	emerin	and	lamin	in	the	heart	and	implic	for	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophy.	emerin	is	a	nuclear	membran	protein	which	is	miss	or	defect	in	emery-dreifuss	muscular	dystrophi	(edmd).	It	is	one	member	of	a	famili	of	lamina-associ	protein	which	includ	lap1,	lap2	and	lamin	B	receptor	(lbr).	A	panel	of	16	monoclon	antibodi	(mabs)	ha	been	map	to	six	specif	site	throughout	the	emerin	molecul	use	phage-display	peptid	librari	and	ha	been	use	to	local	emerin	in	human	and	rabbit	heart.	sever	mab	against	differ	emerin	epitop	did	not	recogn	intercal	disc	in	the	heart,	though	they	recogn	cardiomyocyt	nuclei	strongly,	both	at	the	rim	and	in	intranuclear	spot	or	channels.	A	polyclon	rabbit	antiserum	against	emerin	did	recogn	both	nuclear	membran	and	intercal	disc	but,	after	affin	purif	against	a	pure-emerin	band	on	a	western	blot,	it	stain	onli	the	nuclear	membrane.	these	result	would	not	be	expect	if	immunostain	at	intercal	disc	were	due	to	a	product	of	the	emerin	gene	and,	therefore,	cast	some	doubt	upon	the	hypothesi	that	cardiac	defect	in	edmd	are	caus	by	absenc	of	emerin	from	intercal	discs.	although	emerin	wa	abund	in	the	membran	of	cardiomyocyt	nuclei,	it	wa	absent	from	mani	non-myocyt	cell	in	the	heart.	thi	distribut	of	emerin	wa	similar	to	that	of	lamin	A,	a	candid	gene	for	an	autosom	form	of	edmd.	In	contrast,	lamin	B1	wa	absent	from	cardiomyocyt	nuclei,	show	that	lamin	B1	is	not	essenti	for	local	of	emerin	to	the	nuclear	lamina.	lamin	B1	is	also	almost	complet	absent	from	skelet	muscl	nuclei.	In	edmd,	the	addit	absenc	of	lamin	B1	from	heart	and	skelet	muscl	nuclei	which	alreadi	lack	emerin	may	offer	an	altern	explan	of	whi	these	tissu	are	particularli	affected.
9988281	local	of	human	brca1	and	it	loss	in	high-grade,	non-inherit	breast	carcinomas.	although	the	link	between	the	brca1	tumour-suppressor	gene	and	hereditari	breast	and	ovarian	cancer	is	established,	the	role,	if	any,	of	brca1	in	non-famili	cancer	is	unclear.	brca1	mutat	are	rare	in	sporad	cancers,	but	loss	of	brca1	result	from	reduc	express	or	incorrect	subcellular	local	is	postul	to	be	import	in	non-famili	breast	and	ovarian	cancers.	epigenet	loss,	however,	ha	not	receiv	gener	accept	due	to	controversi	regard	the	subcellular	local	of	brca1	proteins,	report	of	which	have	rang	from	exclus	nuclear,	to	condit	nuclear,	to	the	er/golgi,	to	cytoplasm	invagin	into	the	nucleus.	In	an	attempt	to	resolv	thi	issue,	we	have	comprehens	character	19	anti-brca1	antibodies.	these	reagent	detect	a	220-kd	protein	local	in	discret	nuclear	foci	in	all	epitheli	cell	lines,	includ	those	deriv	from	breast	malignancies.	immunohistochem	stain	of	human	breast	specimen	also	reveal	brca1	nuclear	foci	in	benign	breast,	invas	lobular	cancer	and	low-grad	ductal	carcinomas.	conversely,	brca1	express	wa	reduc	or	undetect	in	the	major	of	high-grade,	ductal	carcinomas,	suggest	that	absenc	of	brca1	may	contribut	to	the	pathogenesi	of	a	signific	percentag	of	sporad	breast	cancers.